6	funny , it costs <> <> euros here in germany which would be about <> <> us dollars why do companies refrain from converting prices ?
4	does nasa do live web chats often ? this seems really cool i 'll be there
6	does it create anti matter as recently shown on your website ?
1	holy crap !
4	awesome ! i love lightning ( http nickulivieriphotography zenfolio com p37130860 ) especially photographing it , as you can see in the link i hope i can tune it
4	np thanks <>
4	please do ! this should be a very good chat richard and monte are incredible experts
2	we killed them all off , literally also it has now been proven that some people do have direct links to neanderthals , meaning that some groups of people interbred with them at one point the study was peer reviewed and is now accepted as fact do n't have energy to google for the link
1	obviously we killed them anything bad that happens in nature has to be our fault it could n't possibly have been environmental pressures , disease or natural disasters that caused their demise how about this ? thank you human ancestors for not going extinct so that we can have this discussion about how terrible you were for doing what you had to do to survive
6	lol we fight with our own species even now we killed the other ones a looooooong time ago
6	i'm sure i saw evidence of one of the extinct species in my gym the other day
6	francis galton , is that you ?
2	op means alive today there used to be a lot more but it looks like we killed them i guess mean species do n't have a lot of relatives although that does n't hold true for the only other species that makes war , there are thousands of kinds of ants that 's comparing apples to organges though , or rather , assholes to insets
8	and to pre mpt the most obvious reply , i realize this statement carries a lot of ideological baggage which i completely reject i do n't support any racist claims about some groups of people being more human than others , or any need to keep some groups " pure " no matter how you define humanity , we 're extraordinarily diverse , with a fascinating and evolving history
1	why would that be something bad ? we are the war monkey , we won ! fuck yea ! revel in your ability to mechanize death
6	sure that it was n't who was more homo ?
2	indeed , you may be an ape , but you 're not human
2	recently there are bots that copy a comment from elsewhere on the page and add an amazon affiliate link you should report such spam comments
1	actually , we both killed and fucked there 's neandertal genes in us
2	ask magneto
1	because we won the game at this stage by either killing or fucking every variant strain just like we 've always done this article will happen again in whatever media exists in a thousand years , i expect , when all humans have brown eyes , brown or black hair , and skin the color of creamed coffee
6	wait , you mean they 're two separate activities ? ohshi
4	exactly
1	eat , fuck , kill , all the same
1	there were many more before we spread out homo neanderthalensis , homo floriensis ( died out <> ) , homo erectus , the new unnamed species i believe now called devisonians ( http www nature com news <> <> full <> html ) and one more i ca n't remember fuck yeah , we " re good at killing species
6	particularly another species that occupied our same niche
6	i think the indonesians assimilated the " little people " on flores , in the same way we assimilated the neanderthals either that , or it 's pure coincidence that indonesians are the shortest people on the planet http en wikipedia org wiki human height average height around the world
1	how on earth is that a reply to what i said ?
2	wat ?
2	you never had neanderthal soup ? bummer
1	they likely died on their own the most important thing we relative to the others was survive hell , even now we 're nothing compared to nature there 's a misconception that the rate of extinctions are unusually high yeah , its a touch higher , but every glacial period kills a significant percentage of the the species and puts our trivial extinction rate increase to shame
6	" our ancestors , by contrast , created smaller , more sophisticated weapons , like a spear , which can be thrown , with obvious advantages when it comes to hunting and to fighting " interesting , we come from a long line of weapons builders what was once a survival advantage , may turn into a survival disadvantage
6	so like man if we went into space speciation would occur with those who reproduced in isolation and we would get super humans specialized to deal with space ?
1	whatever " human territorialism and violence " occurs is irrelevant i can tell right away that you 're not a scientist
1	maybe it was the indonesian doing the fucking , eh ?
4	we 're pretty good at both of those activities
4	yeah , was probably the fairies then
6	this is so weird there are many kinds of monkeys and apes , but we are the only ape walking on two legs that is left , how did that happen and why ? because , the other human species was definitely more fit to survive than an ape , what in the world have happened that have killed them all ? i like the thought of that there might be some left , inside the deep jungle , we still discover new isolated tribes of homo sapiens , what would hinder a neanderthal from living and thriving in the jungle , provided basic skills ? one day we might make a sensational discovery , that would be cool !
4	i love how the " find out more " pictures shows a bunch of black dudes hunting they 're clearly human actors of today , are we supposed to associate them with primitive pre humans ?
1	we ate the rest
6	what about the " hobbits " ( http en wikipedia org wiki homo floresiensis ) they found a few years ago ?
5	mother nature says there can only be one type of human species
6	are we going to take pictures of " primitive pre humans " ?
6	i think the subject is other species of comparable intelligence while being genetically incompatible with humans nothing like that exists despite what dolphin loving hippies might tell you
1	if the last million years of evolution has n't resulted in creamed coffee , why do you think the next <> will ?
1	yay ! i want to eat you !
8	too much iron in their blood
4	because we won the competition enjoy your place at the top )
1	it took a lot more effort for a european to find and fuck an indonesian <> years ago
2	you did n't take into account human territorialism and violence i'm not just talking about reproduction here see my original comment
1	i do n't know about reveling in the human ability to mechanize death , but just because some species goes extinct , does n't mean we had anything to do with it
6	i like the ductape around the extremely precise and highly sophisticated trap interesting stuff though
8	not sure if you 're serious or not , but that would n't make a difference since matter & antimatter are indistinguishable in everything but charge ( protons have positive charge , and antiprotons have negative charge but same mass basic properties ) since both are indistinguishable from each other , we are composed of antimatter 's antimatter , it 's all relative to the object composed of either antimatter matter i hope that clears it up a bit for you
6	maybe there 's more antimatter than matter and we 're all made of antimatter
5	a laudable quality , but it is a shame that it can not be extended to descriptions of your experimental technique ! wernstrom
1	i 'll have you know that i am neither mirthful nor humorous ! farnsworth
1	in the article is says the us get 's <> <> million barrels a day domestically but uses <> million a day , which is why we are in the mess we are now with the middle east realistically , what would a day in a life be here in the us on <> <> million barrels of oil a day ? assume that we would have to cut it immediately for this scenario ( so no answers of us building <> wind farms or solar panels covering arizona )
7	convert all long haul trucking to rail that would reduce fuel consumption for freight from <> miles per ton per gallon to <> miles per ton per gallon that 's an <> reduction then , all trucking becomes short haul , where trucks excel that alone would probably reduce our usage by <> million bpd then , convert all long haul passenger travel to trains , providing good rail links between all cities and within cities that reduces by probably another <> million bpd that alone is a third of your proposed reductions of course , rail is pass , so good luck with that
2	well , its not a sensationalist headline , that 's for damn sure
4	haha , it was actually just a joke i like the title just fine
6	yes , great article so simple in theory to keep the weight off mmm , now about that abstinence part
4	incredible article !
3	the comment section got a little scary though
1	wtf steve , we said land was off limits !
6	fish out of water ! fish out of water !
6	everybody panic ?
7	w00t ! birthday asteroid
6	whoa , wait , what ? an <> megaton airburst ? is n't that a tunguska event rock ? http en wikipedia org wiki tunguska event
5	you are simply too informed for this post then sorry for slowing you down on your quest to know all
4	funny story i created a facebook event page for an end of the world party on dec <> , <> and i got tons of feedback from people saying i should n't joke about it because it could be true <> o also http www realitysandwich com lots of <> talk going on there and some of them are big names
4	thank you madagent and i will take your appology into consideration
1	who is seriously upholding it to be true ?
6	they thought of that the bearings will be non lubricated high quality ceramics ceramics , being stable oxides , can last easily for <> years ( or <> billion years if there was no wear )
7	when i read this post title i thought back to eno 's autobiography a year with swollen appencides ( http www amazon com year swollen appendices brian diary dp <> ) and wondered if this was the millennium clock he wrote of i remember when i read it back in <> i thought , " this is the silliest idea i 've ever heard , it will never get off the ground " you win this round , brian eno
4	yikes nevertheless that site has an interesting ' intellectual hippie bs' vibe that has me entertained
4	hari seldon would be proud
6	brian eno is part of this i went to a talk by himin liverpool a few years ago and he mentioned the long now foundation and the clock a guy thought he had come a to gig and about <> minutes into the talk he got up , announced " i did n't expect this ! " and marched out much to mr eno 's amusment
6	that 's really cool and it stands by itself as an art piece let alone a working device , but i find it rather hard to believe all those clockwork pieces will still be functioning <> millenia from now
6	" most " unique ?
4	the long now foundation was established in <> as an attempt to counterbalance the short term , speed obsessed nature of modern culture there have been a few stories about it since then , but it is still good to know about
6	saw the prototype clock in the london museum a few years back and fell in love with it and the foundation been following these guys for the last couple of years such a fascinating thing and idea they have a youtube channel with a couple of relevant videos ( http www youtube com watch ? v un gcsnqkwe & feature channel video title ) and there is a ted talk ( http www ted com talks stewart brand on the long now html )
6	is n't the long now foundation headquartered in california ? ( at least that 's where the salt talks happen ) why is the clock in texas ?
2	it will be powered by a thermoelectric generator , which will create electricity from the difference in temperature between the sunny outdoors , and the cool interior of the cave does that me it will stop during the impending nuclear winter of <> ? what a shame
1	i wish there were more people actively calling bullshit on the <> nonsense
4	yeah , i was thinking a clock also since i read about this last week
1	not sure what you 're trying to say here , but i did say " one of the most unique " i believe there are degrees of uniqueness , no ? some things are plain , and some are special some things are <> ' tall clocks in a cave
4	it was a good book
2	everything is bigger in texas duh
1	also , the epa needs to enforce stricter standards a damn charcoal filter makes it pretty obvious seems like public water is mostly delivered for boiling foods , showering , washing cars , etc and not so much drinking from the tap
8	lack of clean drinking water is one of the world 's greatest problems people are dying in large numbers due to lack of this also they lack food too
4	pub release ( http www eurekalert org pub releases <> <> uot pfl062211 php ) link to paper ( http pss sagepub com content early <> <> <> <> abstract ? rss <> ) ( account needed ) my favourite part is that romantic stories heighten a woman 's ability to 'd etect ' sexuality basically horny ness
5	well that sucks ! where are some tips for guys haha , i ca n't even pick out the gay ones !
2	they are disjoint sets , science investigates the physical while religion investigates the metaphysical certain theologies try to cross that line and certain sciences try to cross that line , but that is the fallacy of the individuals responsible
2	that 's a good quote very applicable i did n't need to read all of his points to know that they were mostly garbage i was n't bored or brave , i just have a strong commitment to give honest consideration to views that i do n't agree with it takes a large quantity of will power , but it needs to be done otherwise , i do n't know that i'm right and naturally i am always right )
2	about halfway thorough i could n't take it , so i hurried through it my eyes crossed over every word , yes i am all about researching both sides , but there 's just some arguments so self evidently ignorant that they are n't worth consideration
1	i did n't say that they were mutually exclusive i said that the only way you can accept both religion and science is if you believe in theistic evolution frustration ? i'm not frustrated , i'm just pointing out how everything he said is completely wrong
6	what sciences try to cross that line ?
2	guess that means michael behe can go suck it
4	clear vision nice
1	they still cannot clear a fucking eye floaters !
4	i liked it though the terminology used to describe the eye is pretty unfamiliar to me
1	did you even read ' darwin 's black box ' ? it was remarkable ! remarkably ignorant i could barely force myself to read it
1	everything you 've written is absolute bullshit a global flood is not corroborated by any evidence , there 's overwhelming evidence that man has existed for more than <> years , and there 's nothing in the slighest to suggest that man was created in his current form , everything points to common descent for every living thing on earth you ca n't just pick and choose what scientific evidence you want to follow based on ideas that you want to arbitrarily pick and choose from your religion the only way science and religion can exist is if you believe in some kind of theistic evolution
2	i know god exists for a fact i know jesus is lord you have to understand every other religious group knows they are right too you have to ask yourself " how do i know " for three months , take away the existence of god as an axiom assume god does n't exist , and then give an honest look at the evidence on the one hand , doing this will strengthen your faith and solidify your arguments for believe it on the other hand , you may discover that you were wrong but in that case you would be better for knowing also , picking out the hardest part of a theory and noting that is has n't been proven is not an argument against it it is quite possible that we will create a photon receptor in a lab setting some time in the future it 's kinda like saying " the earth is n't round , no one has seen all of it ! " well , eventually we got to the moon
1	the world needs christianity everyone needs christianity why ?
7	oh , for the love of science !
2	i know god exists for a fact i know jesus is lord you have to understand every other religious group knows they are right too you have to ask yourself " how do i know " for three months , take away the existence of god as an axiom assume god does n't exist , and then give an honest look at the evidence on the one hand , doing this will strengthen your faith and solidify your arguments for believe it on the other hand , you may discover that you were wrong but in that case you would be better for knowing also , picking out the hardest part of a theory and noting that is has n't been proven is not an argument against it it is quite possible that we will create a photon receptor in a lab setting some time in the future it 's kinda like saying " the earth is n't round , no one has seen all of it ! " well , eventually we got to the moon
2	did you finish it ?
2	you claimed that science made metaphysical claims and gave the example of astrology that deserves condescension and derision also , the example of cosmology is not a good one , the wikipedia entry itself makes a distinction between the two physical cosmology is science , metaphysical cosmology is not
1	do n't condescend me because you do n't agree with what i am saying upon further examination , astrology was a bad example cosmology would be a better example some cosmologists ( http en wikipedia org wiki cosmology metaphysical cosmology ) certainly try to make metaphysical claims that 's not bullshit , and it is not my fault that you did n't take a moment to consider my points
2	you 've still failed to give an example of a science that makes metaphysical claims it 's also become evident that you 're a bullshit spewing whackjob
5	ack , sorry , deleted the wrong one of the double posts the other is here ( http www reddit com r science comments i7ojw type <> diabetes in newly diagnosed can be c21muuw ) to restore the link ah yes , you 're right , that statement is too categorical he 's talking , i suppose , about reversing the recent increase i could n't find data for the uk , but diabetes in america has increased two fold since <> ( http www berkeleycitizen org image diabetes2 jpg )
1	processed fats and carbohydrates in excess will cause you to gain weight , but in moderate amounts not necessarily where is there evidence about poultry fat being very healthy ? i do agree with everything else though
1	" we have known that starvation is a good cure for diabetes if we introduced rationing tomorrow , then we could get rid of diabetes in this country " the last sentence is a bit surprising to me you 're not safe from diabetes just because you 're underweight , are you ?
6	that is really interesting
6	so the diet is " liquid diet drinks and non starchy vegetables " ? what does that mean , protein shakes and salads ?
1	even more evidence against the " omg sugar in our food is causing diabetes " camp it 's not sugar , it 's excess body fat diabetes rates are increasing because we 're getting fatter of course , eating sugar can help you gain weight , no doubt about it however , a diet high in fat can do that too , and perhaps more effectively edit wow , i get down voted every time i say this , and i have no idea why please inform me as to the root cause
1	were i to downvote you , it would be because you do n't seem to understand nutrition very well processed fats and carbs will cause you to gain weight unprocessed fats are actually very healthy , poultry fat in particular something that is labeled low fat often has a lot of processed carbs , nor are carbohydrates satiating like fat , so you eat more not that i think carbs should be demonized either , but i think it 's time to bury the myth that fat is bad for you nutritionally , you 're probably better off with a diet high in natural fats than a diet high in processed carbs
6	so i'm safe to eat excess bacon ? mmmmmmmmmmm bacon
6	i like to read peer reviewed journal articles in parts of my spare time and much of my assignments in undergrad ( as a nutrition major ) were based on peer reviewed research rather than ordinary websites i certainly agree though that the jargon is difficult to understand when approaching new territory research methodology and study designs not to mention the biases and confounding are what make or break some studies i learned about them in my epidemiology in public health class , it really only covered the surface a phd student would be better versed in study design and critiquing individual studies some of the books i have read whether on sports nutrition , alan aragon 's " girth control , " and " the china study " have always opened with explanations on various study designs so it seems knowing their strengths and weaknesses is vital in interpreting research some examples are descriptive vs analytical vs experimental or research reviews & meta analyses i think before trying to delve into peer reviewed research it 's important to get a good foothold of study designs so you know the general outline of how the study was conducted the best peer reviewed journal for nutrition research would have to be the american journal of clinical nutrition i just ca n't love it enough check it out if you have access
1	i have heard about the " french paradox " , but do you know of any peer reviewed journal articles that support the healthfulness of poultry fats ?
4	yea that is a lot better probably cheaper than muscle milk as well
4	i agree , i try to not eat anything that comes in a box or wrapper , except my special k protein cereal love nuts , although things like peanuts and sunflower seeds do have carbs
6	not safe for what ? ! i must know ! cool story
2	dae see a penis in that dino pic ? lol
2	though pretty , downvoted because not a science story
2	technology ? ok but that 's engineering , not science down voted for lame <> pic per html page without a single page option
1	so many things wrong with this no sense in delineating them
6	that worked so well , i thought it was faked
6	cheers for vid what is the armadillo for ? why is it being made ?
4	meh , the ones from armadillo looks cooler
4	very nice , very nice
2	this article was so fucking awful i did n't read it
1	this guy ( razib khan ) writes about interesting stuff , but his writing annoys the heck out of me it reminds me of a sophomore asked to research a subject , who then googles the shit out of it and reads through <> papers and then tries to describe all of them to prove that he 's really read all <> the problem with this approach is that reading <> papers does n't make you an expert , you 're just a slightly more informed amateur , and you often have no way of telling which of those <> is more meaningful or relevant to the thesis you are making as a result , you make no thesis , and in a poor imitation of an " expert " you try to weight everything equally in the belief that knowledge is all about balance and detail you go out of your way to mention little snippets of information , because you 're afraid someone will call you out on something and you want to show in advance that you 're not ignorant , you 've read about that point too look , i knew about that all along ! i even mentioned it in paragraph <> , line <> ! this is why reading something written by an expert is so much more enjoyable and meaningful than reading stuff written by someone who just swallowed a google and wants to regurgitate it before his publishing deadline unfortunately , experts are scarce and hard to find and do n't always blog they tend to save their effort for peer reviewed stuff and books ah well
1	are there people who enjoy his writing style ? i thought you were being harsh or condescending so i made a real effort to slog though the link i knew someone who was like this once
2	so to sum up no one knows whats going on with cultural anthropology
7	this ! ! !
6	but can you think and feel ( feel , see , hear , etc any sense ) at the same time ? imo , the answer is no i use this as a shortcut to quieting the mind for meditation
5	i 've never needed more than <> at a time
5	read the article ? two arrays of objects ( colored squares ) were separated by a short memory delay in the second array , the color of a randomly chosen object ( the target ) was changed monkeys were trained to detect this change and make a saccade to it cognitive load was increased by varying the number of objects in the arrays from two to ve so holding in mind is just remembering the objects color in this case ninja edit i think i'm misunderstanding your question
3	depending on the subject matter and how i feel like placing those objects the number seems totally subjective i mean i can picture seven starfleet vessels moving around in my head as long as i concentrate on coloring them mentally seven celebrities ? i 'd have to try pretty hard to contextualize a situation for that mental feat
6	well thats cool any way to make it not mold nor dry out ?
6	got any interesting explanations on that honey one ? i thought it would at least deteriorate away after all the sugar was burned from the air or something like that
6	oh ? sounds rather interesting
2	a bug of exquisite passion
4	pop ! pop !
1	damn , this bug beat my record of <> decibels of noise created by my genitalia
6	bow chicha bow wow
2	of course it 's a french bug
1	totally skipped the " bug " part , was like oh god why no
6	wee wee , it is loud !
2	i 've heard of skin flute but this is ridiculous
6	awt is a clone of aether theory , which considers vacuum as a dense particle environment whereas the previous theories considered aether as a sparse thin gas
1	it 's not so much " unpopular scientific theory " as " a bunch of sciency words and acronyms strung together into long , meaningless rants "
6	why did anyone ask that question in the first place ?
5	read the first two paragraphs and thought they made sense then i saw how long the post was and after seeing more and more words that made my eyes glaze over , i just upvoted for his effort others might have done similarly
5	i really just wanted some cake
1	those are a lot of words , but none of them answered my question why would we care what the universe would look like if it were shrunk down to the size of a small black hole ? that would be like asking " what would i look like if i were a teddy bear ? " it 's pointless and does nothing to further our understanding of anything
4	i admire your patience , chipney thanks for keeping r science scientific
1	it 's actually not quite your problem , but the predictable problem of informational singularity the layman people are n't specialized , the amount of information which they can handle is limited so that with increasing amount of informations their view and opinions are becoming superficial undeniably therefore they layman 's opinion can work well , until the qualitative , i e deep conceptual change of our understanding of reality is required in this moment the laymans behave in the same way , like the overspecialized theorists , who have superficial informations about the whole picture and they 're fighting together against new fundamental ideas as jonathan swift once said " when a true genius appears in this world , you may know him by this sign , that the dunces are all in confederacy against him " i'm not a genius in any way , but the dense aether concept is really both simple , both fundamental change of existing approach to reality understanding so that most of people are really fighting with it , because they 've a good reasons for it i do n't know , how to avoid this annoying negativism in other way , than with patient explanation of aether concept again and again
5	and not to mention that we 're already getting pretty far from the realm where the general public who does n't have a phd in physics can say , " well , if it 's true , prove it " the main thing that i'm worried about is when special interests fund studies
1	are you saying that awt predicted gravitational effects exactly compensate lgq and st predicted effects ? that 's one hell of a coincidence also , are you saying that awt 's own prediction is that nothing interesting happens ? do n't you think that a lot of theories could produce exactly same predictions ?
6	yea but what if there are no constants and the universe is slowly changing ?
4	see , exactly every time i read a new article about the universe , and quantum physics , and the way everything works scientists have discovered something that makes the previous study irrelevant and outdated well are n't we just going to read another article in a week saying they 've " discovered " something that disproves this study , and that something else has taken its place as " what we know about the universe " ? the universe is intriguing and i'm not saying it 's not important to try to discover everything we can about the way it works , but how do we know we 're not living in a geocentric age , blinded by the " facts " about the universe that we think we know ? just to be proved absolutely wrong in years to come just a thought
4	i upvote them any chance i get i love watching people mindlessly agree with him just because he has a long comment and positive karma
1	i googled awt and i got the wikipedia entry for abstract window toolkit i do n't know whether i should be offended
4	read the first paragraph and upvoted because it sounds like you know what you 're talking about
1	this deserves more upvotes than all the stupid pun comments that get <> times this much
1	unless i read it wrong the breakthrough is that they found nothing whatsoever , which rules out several quantum gravity theories
2	if shit gets pixelated when it is real small does n't that mean this shit is a hologram ? what is another explanation ?
6	excuse my dumb , but can someone kindly put this in layman 's terms ?
1	fyi , the research article upon which this news article is based makes no mention of the discretization of space in other words , the sensationalist claims made in the news article have not passed the peer review process ( an important step towards taking anything seriously in scienceland ) this also means that there is nowhere anyone can go to see if the argument presented here holds water tl dr do n't take this article seriously !
5	so , maybe i'm nuts , but does anyone else think that grbs would be an excellent way to communicate with distant civilizations ? if it were possible to make them ? just saying sorry for the off topic comment
1	well , fuck
6	quantum graininess ? were n't atoms " grainy " when we first figured out how to look at them ?
2	i read that as quantum grannyness i'm way less interested now
6	never thought i 'd see one of these awt crackpot posts actually have postitive upvotes in r science
6	ok , and which arguments for the above interpretations do you have , for example ? isaac asimov " any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic "
5	i find this hard to believe would n't atleast some of the genius physicists around the world grant some credence to awt if it was decent at predicting a very wide range of phenomena ? ofcourse laymen do n't have any idea what 's going on , but what about the other physicists ? just asking
2	this is either extremely well crafted satire , specialized trolling , or evidence of some sort of mental illness i'm not sure which it is , but i'm not willing to exclude the possibility that it 's all of the above
4	thank you but i 'd would appreciate your help , after then do n't be lazy to upvote the useful posts in the same way , like their haters are n't lazy to downvote them
2	so an unpopular scientific theory gets shunned by the scientific community ? this has happened before only to prove everyone wrong except it usually turns out that the people being shunned are wrong and fade into obscurity you do n't hear about it because " obscure theory rejected by scientific community proven wrong " makes for a shitty story
6	for those of us not in the know , please elaborate
4	yea but its the european space agency
6	dramatically affect the search for physics beyond einstein wut
6	beyond planck no ?
2	the problem is that awt proponents are like religious nuts every thing must be a reflection of it " is stravinsky the best composer of the <> century ? jesus prefers mahler " " girlfriend left you ? jesus feels your pain , bro ! " " planning on building a new gaming pc ? jesus recommends a lian li case " duck quack , duck walk , you get the picture
7	that 's a big deal negative results are why science is science
5	grbs are not very directional it 'd be ludicrously expensive in terms of energy use you 'd be using up a significant fraction of a galaxy 's entire lifespan in terms of usable energy for a single message
8	i can understand your feelings , but there are popular ideas like the universe inside of black hole , hidden parallel universes and multiverses of string theorists and animations like this one http www youtube com watch ? v <> the question simply is , how the universe would appear , if it would shrink to the size of tiny black hole i presume , this hypothesis is testable just with gamma ray bursts , which are propagating through whole universe it 's the combination of highest observable energy density and longest distance path , which we can imagine and it gives us a clue , how the universe would appear from perspective of creatures , which are as large , as the whole universe
8	if we go any deeper , we may risk ending up in limbo
6	if these results are <> times more accurate than any previous ones , and who that graininess must be on the level of <> <> or smaller , it means there were previous measurements that failed to find this quantum graininess at the level of <> <> or so ?
1	ehm , i wouldnt consider myself at all savy when it comes to physics , but are you suggesting that vacuum ( space and time ) as a form of matter ? or did i read wrong ? if so explain please , i find your suggestion interesting !
6	it could be multidimensional forces
6	so an unpopular scientific theory gets shunned by the scientific community ? this has happened before only to prove everyone wrong gets popcorn
1	i was hoping to read about what sort of exploit they used , but the article gave me nothing ! just that it was ' unconventional '
1	same here i bet they used a stick
8	it works on your tv remote any any wifi device thats why they didnt say )
2	welp this article was a waste of time
4	make this free via federal funding for anyone with a history of huntington 's disease immediately thank you really though the medical treatment costs for one case of huntingon 's is probably equal to around <> <> times the cost of this prenatal testing not to mention the fact that you know a innocent human life is spared from a long and debilitating disease
4	that is really good news usually people have to find out themselves before they can go for genetic testing , but living with that diagnosis is not always what people want so to be able to have pgd done when in the at risk category is a big step forward
8	yup any diagnosis of illness is bad , but in my view huntington 's is just one of the worst , because it develops so much later , not only do you watch a parent go through it but know there is a strong possibility you will have to go through it too to be able to feel safe that your children wo n't have it or carry it is a great feeling
4	ohhh good website , thankyou yeah with all the moral and ethical implications , and not knowing who will be affected , how early the disease will set it , knowing there is little can be done to ease the disease progression i did some assignments on it when i was in my first yr undergrad
6	would n't that require knowing there is a finite edge to the universe ?
6	creationists say the universe was created with light from distant galaxies already in transit so , um , yeah
8	nice catch blanco ni o too bad your ass just got maaaaathed
4	i always thought it would be cool to write a sci fi story where it turns out the earth really is the center of the universe , and a whole bunch of theories ( like the reason for the hubble red shift ) are just wrong because they 're based on us assuming the universe does n't have a center
8	unfortunately impossible due to the inviolability of the speed of light plus they 'd probably just say " time stamp looks shopped "
1	no one said there are big crunches , or even a cyclical structure no one can say anything about what preceded the big bang
4	yes that is the currently accepted theory
1	well , all the cosmologists i have talked to disagree with you
1	finite just seems so odd i just ca n't conceive of the big bang happening arbitrarily but then again , time only started ' ticking ' after the space expanded to fill it mind fuck in progress
4	br is extremely awesome
4	maybe <> years ago it was fairly ambiguous , but right now we 're pretty positive it 's a flat , open universe
5	i just had some really awkward explaining to do to my coworkers dead silent " hah ! " judgement
7	spaaace ! space space !
4	great , now the entire library is looking over here awkwardly at me trying to stifle my chortling
1	<> <> percent of that is your mom 's fat ass i think you misspoke i mean , that would still mean that his mother is quite large , but you missed the full effect
4	i think it would be hilarious and awesome if the ultimate fate of the universe was first suggested on reddit i know , i know , someone has probably thought of the black hole ending idea before but still
4	this is a great and fun comment should have more upvotes
1	are you calling me dense ?
2	i hate when people who have a vague grasp on a subject ( and the author is clearly maybe at a high level general astropyhsics <> level ) decide to write articles this leads to great misinformation and because the general population retardedly believes anything from a somewhat technical sounding source , they are now think they know about it , when actually their information is incorrect
2	the second one was correct , if you are a stickler
1	did you just say that <> of something was my lack of something ? so i have <> of not self esteem
5	the big bang is kind of observable in multiple ways depending on your definition of observable , photons ( as a particle ) are unobservable and therefor not relevant to us
4	true it 's a timecube ( http www timecube com )
1	i 'd kill to get high with this guy and pick his brain
3	<> fuck , i'm panicking
6	is this matter considered baryonic matter ? i thought that was found to be around <> <> can anyone clarify ? is this an updated number ? http en wikipedia org wiki baryon baryonic matter http map gsfc nasa gov universe uni matter html
5	the universe is a boring place jeez !
6	does that anti matter matter ?
1	prove it
6	i was hoping it would all fit into an area the size of my thumb
6	here 's a little light reading if the void of space interests you http www amazon com book nothing vacuums origins universe dp <>
1	you mean about <> <> percent of locker b14 in god 's train station contains any matter
1	i matter !
1	you hear that people ? you are very unique
1	does n't that equation address the growing issue , or did i complete misunderstand ? ( i'm genuinely confused , i'm really interested in this stuff , but it blows my mind )
1	before you starting acting snarky towards people , you really should make sure you understand the situation correctly tiayidfama is correct , the current popular theory is an open and infinite universe , based on observations such as wmap ( http en wikipedia org wiki wilkinson microwave anisotropy probe )
2	do n't listen to the haters meaning in existence is whatever you want it to be
4	it 's a joke
5	this is so heavy
4	how sweet it is , significance out of insignificance
2	that 's not true each wave function drops off for each particle , but is finite up to infinity , so really all of the universe is occupied by every particle simultaneously
4	awesome statistic can you tell me what percentage contains cheesecake ?
6	how empty is an atom again ?
1	is that why the meaning of life is <> then !
4	best comment all day
4	that theory works great until you consider there might be an absurdly dense block of mass that is lying just outside the observable universe , which just happens to be <> jillion times larger than the observable universe
1	no miscommunication ! ! edit would " you ca n't explain that " been a better choice ?
5	i like to pretend i'm in a giant dyson
4	something here <> that 's ok i knew it , but thank you , science !
1	correct me if i'm wrong , but i thought we did n't even know what dark matter is , and i thought that dark matter took up a lot of the universe knowing space is infinite , is that to say that only <> <> is really matter ? when scientist do n't even understand what is matter ? are n't we getting a little ahead of our selves boys ?
5	i wish someone would count those zeros so i did n't have to
1	why does howstuffworks still have their article on <> pages ? ? ? ? ?
6	very strange i could n't fall asleep last night because i was thinking of this , and today its on the front page
2	nah , i thought it was <> <>
2	seems to me that they should have <> tried to come up with an estimate of the avg density of matter in the universe , and <> they should have calculated the fullness of a part of the universe it seems to me that the assumptions about total size and mass of the universe are more likely to be wrong
1	bitch , i'm dark matter
4	well , the answer is <> i say , the author is a genius
6	and the rest does n't ?
6	is n't it also true that atoms are mostly empty space and have no real excuse for having mass at all ? do we actually exist at all ?
6	is that proportional to an atom ?
5	that 's a shame , because i fucking love matter
1	this is if you do n't condense the matter at all you know how an atom is a tiny tiny nucleus and then a vast of empty space with tiny tiny electrons orbiting ? that number in your title assumes they are completely solid so like earth in your titles measurement takes up the exact same amount of space as earth does right now and you are not accounting for the fact that <> <> of earth is made of nothing it 's also very hard to account for the warping of space which occurs with mass a black hole contains a vast amount of matter , but since it 's so close together it collapses and takes up no space if you did what you actually asked and put the matter in one place it would all form a black hole so it would take up zero of the universe so should we let black hole singularities count as zero mass because they do n't have dimensions ? or should we figure out their mass and then calculate as if they were not in gravitational collapse ? just wondering the actual answer to your questions is " we have no fucking idea and talking like we do just makes us sound really stupid "
2	what do you think , you 're special ?
1	so why do i keep stubbing my toe ?
7	but of course , that means that the other <> <> is nearly instantly lethal to humans but of course , it 's even worse than that , as much of the space that does contain matter is far too hot , cold , lacking oxygen , gravitationally warped or lethal my other means for human life as well this is why i roll my eyes when some people say the universe was made for us
2	can we write that as <> <> <> for clarity ? thanks counting zeros is tedious )
8	if the universe is flat , the expansion will not accelerate if expansion accelerated , the event horizon would move closer with time however , even without acceleration , you end up with much the same result sooner or later everything around you will move out past the static event horizon , except the things that are bound gravitationally to you it is a pretty grim prospect
4	the questions you are asking is exactly why it 's called a singularity i think interesting stuff
4	yeah i only have passing knowledge of cosmology from what i understand , observable is " in theory observable " but this also counts for things that we infer from other phenomena such as gravitational lensing or microwave background radiation so let me propose a thought experiment imagine you have a dinner table and on your dinner table is a placemat imagine the center of the placemat is earth , and the area of the placemat is the observable universe now imagine a bunch of magnetic marbles all over the table , representing stars and galaxies , some rolling around , attracting , shoving others away the ones in the placemat are the observable ones in our universe , and the ones outside are out of our view because light has n't had enough time to travel to the middle of the placemat yet however , we do see marbles get pushed around and influenced inside the placemat , by forces outside the placemat does this mean the ones outside are " observable " then ?
8	ok so for everything to get further apart , i would think the molecules particles masses at the edge would have to move out into new unoccupied space but , for that to happen , there would need to be a void or something where nothing exists for the universe to expand out into but if it 's expanding into something , then the universe has to finite and if it 's infinite , then it still does n't make sense for it to be able to expand hope this makes sense writing it while i am really tired i can give it another show tomorrow if you are confused with what i said
4	ultimately yes , you are right we assume it is flat based on numerous observations ( wmap ) of the known universe , then almost all calculations point to the infinite universe there is little reason against either infinite or finite models probably i should have added " to out best understanding "
1	<> <> <> <> maybe it 's just me but that makes more sense than a shitload of zeroes
3	alas , matter is also mostly empty space
4	good point the question is then , and i do n't know the answer , is gravity superluminal ?
8	i am trying to figure out how to type what i am thinking properly at some point , the accelerated expansion will overtake the speed of light , in which case , beginning with the galaxies on the furthest edges of the universe there will gradually be less and less matter in the observable region , until it 's just our galaxy , in endless night , correct ? though i suppose , at that point , it would be the remnants of the coalesced local group edit sorry for the terrible run on sentence
1	that assumes that the confines of space are finite , which no one really knows
4	yeah that 's what i was thinking
1	nothing really matters anyone can see
1	and only <> <> of that matters !
6	so my wife should be honored to have <> <> percent in my garage , right ?
1	hmm tenths , hundredths , thousandths , ten thousandths , hundred thousandths , millionths my normal approach is useless here (
1	<> <> percent of that is your mom 's fat ass
1	why are you saying that its a ' fact ' that its open ? i thought that this was still pretty debated and up in the air
6	you 're definite and certain there 's to be no " big rip ? "
6	i too consider this to be a worthwhile comment , and am confounded by its manifest lack of upvotes
7	nevertheless , presuming protons decay , last things in the universe left before its all just radiation , dark matter , neutrinos and say stay electrons , will in fact be the larger black holes and these will have a lot more collisions to grow through before this period so i 'd expect most of the universe will end up in various black holes at some point after that , its going to be even more depressing , if that 's imaginable
4	you 're welcome
4	space only exists due to the warping of the vacuum around the matter within there 's no real way to know anything but it 's a good theory
1	i was going to say " nothing 's really matter anyone can see nothing 's really matter nothing 's really matter , to me " ( http www youtube com watch ? v tgbnymz7vqy & feature player detailpage t <> )
6	" up to order of magnitude , how much of it all matters ? "
6	what if that matter did form a black hole ? how big would the schwarzchild radius be ? his mass of universe is <> <> <> <> kg radius <> g m c <> <> <> <> <> light years it would be bigger than the universe itself strange could it be the fate of the universe to end up as one giant black hole ?
1	i do n't see " <> " anywhere there it should at least be there as an exponent ! you must have flipped units somewhere
2	sucking on what ? a black hole is a very deep thingie hole in time space if all space time is a black hole , then what is it bending ?
6	is rest of it ocean ?
1	holy shit can someone tell me what that is in scientific notation ? i am not counting all those zeros
1	well shit , that 's a much higher percentage than i would expect
1	holy shit ! you found the answer
2	that 's retarded most of the universe is permeated by radiation , gravitational influences , etc , from that matter it 's not empty
6	does this count all of the space inside of an atom , or is this talking about the space between atoms ?
6	since matter has no size , how do you justify this statement ?
1	i'm matter and i use reddit ! woot !
6	you guys ever wonder what the universe is expanding into ? i mean for it to expand , it must mean there is something outside of the universe , right ? but then if there exists something , is n't it part of the universe ? the whole idea of the universe expanding is just confusing to me
1	they just fake the math because they have no understanding of physics at the early stages of the universe basically they are making it up because the universe would look different if did n't expand rapidly at a certain point according to our current laws of physics we are using it probably did n't happen at all
6	so it 's infinite ?
4	yes
2	because you are a drunken spaz who is consumed by self loathing
4	well , considering we make up part of the incredibly small number , i 'd say " yes "
6	have we actually found any matter ? are the smallest particles even made up of matter , or just something smaller with even more space in between ?
6	how does this compare to the percentage of empty space in an atom
6	by volume ?
1	this article is wrong on a number of levels it 's conclusion is meaningless if you 're curious why , ask us in r askscience
6	so the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy was off by only a few decimal points ?
4	thanks reddit for being so depressing with your facts !
4	matter is awesome i love matter
1	and i still manage to stub my toe on the coffee table every fuck time
4	you might find this ( http en wikipedia org wiki scientific notation ) useful
6	so what about past the observable universe ? for example gravity from objects just outside the observable space affecting things in the observable universe ?
1	did you read one theory and assume that was the truth ? or have you just not read anything in the last <> years about the state of astrophysics and other cosmological theories ?
4	correct , i overstepped by omitting that caveat as far as i am aware , any of these answers are still potentially consistent with data there is an ( in ) finite amount of matter and the universe is infinite and flat very slightly curved do you agree ?
5	it is a popular idea , but it is only conjecture , and will likely always remain nothing but conjecture
1	if earth can be observed from the edge of its own observable universe ( or anything more than <> lightyears away ) would n't that disprove young earth creationism ? i 've always wondered that about creation science seems a simple image from space shoots the whole thing to hell
6	would detectable be a suitable substitute for observable ?
6	is this similar to the corollary of " if a tree falls in a forest and no one is around to hear it , does it make a sound ? " eg if light ( information ) ca n't reach us from one part of the universe , does it not exist ?
4	nice try , zaphod
6	so i am really living in my own private idaho ?
1	get the fuck out of here !
5	i'm genuinely confused that 's understandable
5	actually , i was a little bit confused there there are two borders the edge of the observable universe , which is the distance from which light can possibly have reached us during the age of the universe this border gets bigger with time , as obviously the more time there has been since the birth of the universe , the more light will have time to reach us the second border is the cosmic event horizon this is the point where if light is emitted , it will never reach us , because the expansion of space will prevent it from ever getting to us as it travels , space expand as fast or faster than it can get closer to us , and thus it never reaches us this border is somewhat further out than the edge of the observable universe so light that is emitted between these two borders will reach us eventually , but can not have reached us already light emitted outside both will never reach us , ever
4	i guess people hold the idea of ftl very dear to their hearts
5	sorry , i meant " in mathematics , continuous and constant have different meanings that are not the same as monotonic " in mathematics these words are not synonymous we are dealing with astrophysics , after all there are reasons why mathematical language is used to describe science little ambiguity and few if any real synonyms
4	thank you
1	and most of that mass is your mother ! zing
1	so what
2	nobody cares
2	yes , but that 's a stupid measure since the sun is mostly filled with the empty space between electrons and nuclei i 'd use neutron or quark star density
2	surprisingly uninteresting considering only about <> of an atom is ' matter ' anyway so where there is <> matter there is at most <> matter , and in between the <> matter clusters of planets and very thin gas clouds is a huge expanse of vacuum which is pretty much <> matter so thinking about it , it 's no huge surprise !
6	if you mean volume wise , <> of the universe contains matter since matter are just points with fields of force around them if you mean mass wise , well <> of the matter of the universe makes up the universe what exactly is the guidelines for determining this percentage ?
6	so you 're saying there 's a chance ? ! ?
1	what he meant was <> <> however what he wrote is much smaller , yes that much smaller ammount is still much larger than the earth so mama is still fat did i just joke explain a joke explanation ?
1	<> <> of that matter is my dick
6	is there something wrong with using exponents ? <> <> <>
1	vaginas
1	scumbag god
1	that 's bullshit the entire universe is matter just in many forms just because we ca n't imagine or define it does n't mean it is not there i scoff at this report scoff i say ! ! !
1	no , what we know right now is the absolute and only truth in the universe
1	fuck everything about the degenerate era http en wikipedia org wiki the five ages of the universe
7	ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod ! i'm in spaaaaaaaaaaaaaace yeeeeeeeehaaaaaaaawwwwwwww
4	so long , and thanks for all the fish
6	ring or sphere ?
2	no , unobservable , period information from outside the observable universe can not reach us , no matter how long we wait
2	no , unobservable , period it is outside the range where information could have propagated to us it is not a question of inability , it s a question of that information not existing to observe in any form
7	thank you ! ! ! !
8	your sad devotion to that ancient religion has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes !
5	sadly , no according to life , universe and everything if somebody solves the universe ( by knowing the answer and the question same time ) the universe collides and forms something more complex it has happened before
1	maybe we 're just matter biased non matter is important too !
6	is n't this number changing constantly if the universe is expanding ?
2	all of the mass evenly distributed at the density of the sun the number is meaningless without that bit of information it would condense instantly into a black hole and potentially ignite another big bang physics does not work that way ! good night !
7	thank you science because i did n't feel too small enough
3	tl dr universe , you scary !
2	suddenly my penis feels statistically huge
1	only you can make you do good things ( good for the world ) , so shut up
2	unless you are purely making a joke , i do n't think you understand what " heat death " is
1	yo momma 's so fat
4	haha , i'm glad someone has noticed that star wars has influenced my discourse p
1	son , if you do n't answer the question i am afraid that we are going to have to gag you
2	did you even read the article ? seriously , it took like <> minutes
2	<> <> or <> <> <> if you are a stickler
6	so , the ultimate answer to the ultimate question of life , the universe , and everything , <> , is actually
4	yep there 's a lot of space out there
1	little known fact , about <> is comprised of my penis
1	which has lead some to say , " and since there 's so little you can take the m out of e mc <> which means that all energy is just light ! " i wish i was kidding ( http www youtube com watch ? v r y4 z kdqq )
2	wow how is this out dated ? so tell me what is not out dated then ? what is the general opinion among cosmologists ?
6	i was more surprised by the " the universe is a cube that is <> billion light years on each side " how long has this idea been around and is there a lot of stuff to support it ? it just does n't seem right
6	i thought there was a lot of " dark matter " though ? hmm
2	damn nature , you lazy
7	ornithopter ! i knew it was a matter of time to the golden path !
1	oh yeah , i 've heard of these manhacks wait shit
7	all hail shai hulud the worm god ! !
6	hollow bird bones are a natural composite whats your problem with synthetic composites doing the same job ?
4	i'm like a bird , i only fap away
8	i must not fear fear is the mind killer
6	also on this page ( http sueur jerome perso neuf fr buzzes html ) for more fun press play on all the sounds at the same time !
8	sadly , those eyes could not even read compound eyes cannot focus properly to reliably detect and decode symbols regardless , they are powerful , awesome , and aesthetically amazing
7	i'm impressed someone could walk by that rock and observe anything more than some crust on the surface
2	bitches be crazy , statistically wow , it works !
2	i was going to say that men do far more stupid things that involve lightning that women but what you said works rather well too
1	and fucking people 's fathers in the rain
1	the trailer park where my mom lives pretty much flooded last spring it was <> feet deep rushing water all on the front area of the park ( only way in out too ) and god fucking damnit , i was out of cigs and booze busted out some garbage bags , rigged up ghetto waders , and plowed through it and <> <> mile down the road to the liquor store fuck nature when i'm out of cigs and booze
6	maybe because men are taller than women , statistically !
6	new study lightning less likely to strike a redditor regardless of gender caveat unless playing world of warcraft or magic the gathering
2	zeus was always a ladies man
7	golf !
6	what is that even supposed to mean ? are you comparing the radiation from a microwave or the sun to a cell phone ?
1	one thing 's for sure that wo n't stop people from claiming that it does !
2	i did n't have time to read this i was talking on my droid phone and using the internet on my iphone
2	good luck putting the shit back in that horse this story will get maybe <> <> the publicity of the recent " un says cell phones cause cancer " story
6	there 's a very interesting experiment similar to this , showing a possible way to eliminate any danger to cells from microwave radiation http www iovs org content <> <> <> full adding white noise to the signal may prevent changes to dna expression due to resonances maybe the solution is to universally adopt the right kind of spread spectrum transmission oh , someone has already filed a patent on electromagnetic resonance effects on chain molecules http www patents com us <> html
4	welcome to the <> century , my friend ! we have a wealth of knowledge for you to peruse please , take your time and catch up on the abundance of information we already possess !
1	did you just call your girlfriend a cocksucker ?
1	yes indeed , but she does n't understand english , other than a few words , and she does n't know that online i am an unrepentant degenerate misogynist btw she is very catholic like her insane family and it took a long time to make her a cocksucker and lots of pinot grigio
7	no , please elucidate me with your infinite wisdom
5	i believe it was plato but i could be wrong
5	there was a dude long ago he 's dead now
4	good catch thank you
4	i'm sticking with my simulation perspective ! all the benefits of a religion with no personal responsibility suits me perfectly
6	wow
5	i got upset when i learned that a certain percentage of the current funding grant has to be dedicated to grant proposal writing for future funding grants and their associated equipment requisitions that 's not science !
2	so he can feel better thinking he is not the only one who does n't understand it i suppose he 's like " look , i'm not that stupid , you do n't know shit either ! "
6	you do know that the holographic principle does n't actually make it mundane , right ?
2	phew good news thanks scientists how bout you cure cancer now
5	yes yes yes yes yesssssssssssssssss ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! fuck yessssssssssssssssssssss
1	in a nutshell , geo600 a mindbogglingly sensitive piece of kit started to detect what particle physicist craig hogan interpreted as quantum " fuzziness " this fuzziness , or blurriness on the smallest possible scales , could be interpreted as evidence for the " holographic universe " hypothesis however , as announced this week , a space borne european satellite that should be able to measure these small scales too , does n't appear to be registering any quantum fuzziness in fact , it has yet to detect anything quantum , indicating that spacetime 's " graininess " is composed of quanta that a lot smaller than predicted god , i love science " hey , look at these results ! the universe is fucking weird and we may have to rethink all our theories about its underpinnings ! " " no , look at my results ! your results are completely bogus ! the universe is fucking weird and we may have to rethink all our theories about its underpinnings in exactly the opposite direction !
5	not exactly it 's more like " hey , guys , you know , this noise at the edge of detection could be interpreted to support my pet theory of the universe ! " " nah , there is no noise at that frequency if you use this other instrument with higher sensitivity sorry "
1	what is this shit ? who is upvoting you ? how is any testable hypothesis that fits known facts and provides new questions to test " thoroughly gonzo ? " how has it been thoroughly debunked ? did you even read this simplified article about it , in which they clearly state that these results are by no means definitive ? i assure you that your universe will remain incomprehensible and baffling at all levels if you go around thinking in black and white about things you have absolutely no idea about
4	zoom ! gigapixel vancouver ( http www gigapixel com vancouver van city html ) enhance ! it really works !
1	what a fucking relief lol
5	perhaps it could if that sentence actually meant anything , but alas , it does n't
4	i have been thinking about our inherent aversion to phenomena whose scales are much different than the phenomena that we can directly observe my last physics class was <> years ago , so maybe i'm ignorant of some theoretical basis for the idea of an absolute lower limit , but from a philosophical perspective why should we have any expectation that we are getting close to the smallest scale of physical phenomena ? going in the opposite direction we already know that the universe is absurdly huge from our perspective as i wrestled with the implications of the theory that new copies of the universe are quantum splitting from each other at a furious pace , producing a tremendous number of new huge universes , i got overwhelmed thinking about where all this stuff could be coming from it just seemed like " too much " stuff but then i thought , " so what ? the universe is already known to be mind bogglingly huge what if it is ( mind boggling x mind boggling ) huge ? " our poor minds are very very boggled , but the real universe is not concerned about that so the results of this study make me wonder the same kind of thing , but in the direction of smallness maybe someday we 'll laugh at ourselves for being taken in by this window of small scales in which everything seemed to be very quiet and uniform well , most of that was caffeine talking thanks for reading
5	aaaaaand now my brain hurts
1	now i ca n't walk around saying things like " i'm beginning to question the validity of this entire hologram " i mean this may change everything i hope it is not true well even if it i can handle it i am a scientist , dammit
6	the universe could be a fractal with an infinite smallness ?
2	in awt the universe is composed of density fluctuations of inhomogeneous material environment , so called the aether but these density fluctuations are nothing , then just fractal curvatures of space time because even the awt has no better explanation for matter , then the space time curvature aether is just a concept of particle gas , which enables us to predict at least something from the complex behavior of such space time curvatures in this way , we are formed with space curvatures within space curvatures , which corresponds the illusion of the illusion it 's simply some probability field of random events you can try to interpret it like space time or like material or energy field , but you will always get stuck in some kind of circular reasoning again we simply do n't know , what this shit is all about it 's simply randomness in all its glory but it 's not nothing , because nothing has no other attributes , than just its nullity and the universe is apparently pretty rich ! this randomness is surprisingly easy to model with nested fluctuations of particle gas , but i consider this behaviour as an anthropocentric artefact of reality the most distant universe just mirrors the behaviour of most intrinsic reality right before our eyes it 's the common behavior of every particle environment for example the random spreading of ripples at the water surface at the larger distance imitates the behaviour of the brownian noise at the short distances the universe is just substantially larger analogy of such mirroring but we should n't be surprised with virtualness of our reality very much for example , recently i read the article about evolution of cooking recipes , which are evolving in time spontaneously like living organisms but not in real environment , but in virtual environment of cooking books the same aspects of spontaneous uncontrolled evolution we can observe in many areas of human activity , where many conditions and requirements compete for their fitness like random mutations we people have no good control over such evolution , because it 's influenced with many factors from outside ( fluctuations of financial markets , for example ) so that the human society serves as a rather passive virtual environment of this evolution , despite it 's willing to admit or not
4	admit it you just wanted to use unfalsifiable in a sentence it 's cool , we all do it too )
1	it 's not weird at all he knows the difference he just was n't paying attention
4	i agree about the theory not being thoroughly debunked
6	interesting one of my first science for the layman books was holographic universe by michael talbot still a great book , imho
1	enhance !
1	zoom ! enhance !
4	nice ranting there
4	the awt models space time with water surface , the light waves with surface ripples and the gravitational waves with underwater sound waves it 's evident , these waves are spreading much faster , then the surface ripples , so they manifest with tiny chaotic noise at the water surface in awt the analogy of underwater waves is well known cmbr noise , which is observed routinely during last fifty years ( and which actually everyone of us can detect with his analogue tv set ) the holographic theory considers , our world is a five dimensional projection from surface of black hole , where we are living in such projection can work only when the projective waves are highly superluminal , or it could n't create the photons with such projection this aspect have both holographic , both awt theory in common i'm just not quite sure , if holographists are realizing it and accepting the existence of tachyons in their theory anyway , despite you 're believing in tachyons or not , the underwater nuclear bomb explosion enables us imagine , what we would see during passage of such superluminal waves through our local area of space time with using of water surface model we should expect the sudden increase of the background noise from all directions , which correspond the passage of underwater shock wave along water surface analogously , mr hogan deduced , the passage of holographic wave should n't manifest itself like some periodic wave , but like the less or more sudden change of background noise intensity and he even believed , he succeeded in observation of such event at the geo600 detector before some years but the holographic theory still differs from awt , as mr hogan does n't consider the cmbr as a holographic noise , which he is actually trying to detect because lower frequencies are occupied with alleged gravitational waves of classical general relativity , he actually seeks for his " holographic noise " at somewhat higher frequencies , just to avoid the interference with cmbr background in such way , these crazy physicists are trying to avoid just the phenomena , which they 're supposed to detect such situation is not quite exceptional in mainstream physics anyway , we can observe some convergence to awt model here , because the holographic noise is searched at substantially higher frequencies , than the " classical " gravitational waves of general relativity
6	the article above linked is about zero result of polarization during gamma ray burst it actually does n't disprove holographic model from single reason the quantum cmbr noise is real , it 's not an illusion imo this zero result follows from another artefact , which is just a consequence of mirroring our classical reality into most distant areas of universe as you probably know , the contemporary mainstream physics is driven with pair of mutually dual theories , with quantum mechanics ( qm ) and general relativity ( gr ) the gr considers conservation of macroscopic quantities of light spreading , like the speed of light the qm considers the conservation ( quantization ) of microscopic qualities of light , for example the spin of photon because these two theories mutually complement each other , the physicists are developing new metatheories , based on these two theories currently the most popular are string theory ( st ) and loop quantum gravity theory ( lqg ) , which are both based on different postulate set of qm an gr the st is more qm oriented and it considers constant speed of light , extra dimensions and it considers the particles as a low dimensional strings and membranes , i e it 's oriented to the description of particles the lqg is a field theory oriented to gr instead it does n't care very much about particles and extradimensions , instead of it it considers the vacuum as a stringy mesh of loops , i e spin mesh with respect to awt , these two theories complement each other in similar way like the gr and qm itself just in wider extent by principle of ads cft correspondence when the photons of different wavelength are spreading through quantum foam forming the vacuum , these two theories predict different violation of gr and qm the st considers the constant speed of light , so it cannot predict the variable speed of light for different wavelengths instead of this it can predict , the light will change its polarization while traveling at large cosmological distances the lqg does n't care about polarization light too much , but it predicts , the light of different wavelengths will travel through quantum foam with different speed the shortwavelenght light will follow surfaces of spin foam , so it will travel slower in similar way , like the blue light travels slower through dispersive environment red light penetrates such environment faster , because it 's not dispersed with it too much ( from the same reason the fog lights are yellow and morning sky is red ) the prediction of both theories work well , when the distance for light remains low and or the energy density of light remains low for example , we are observing the polarization or doppler 's anisotropy of microwave radiation at the distant areas of universe in the same way , we can observe the polarization of gamma radiation near black holes ( like the cygnus x1 ) or we can observe the delay between long wavelength and shortwavelenght portions of near gamma ray bursts , like the mkn <> for these situations the lgq st work reasonably well the problem arises , when we are observing the light at both vast cosmic distances , both high energy density ( gamma radiation ) the proponents of both st or lqg theories are expecting , in such situations their corrections will become quite apparent but the exactly the opposite is true in such situations the corrections predicted with both theories compensate mutually and we can observe anything again for example in distant grb <> whole burst arrived at earth at the single moment and at the case of distant grb <> no polarization was observed awt ( dense aether theory ) explains , what happens there with using of analogy with fluid mechanics the gr says , the light has no mass , it only transfers momentum the reason is , for photons the reference frame in space time is not defined in gr , because for such photons the time effectively stops but in awt the gravity field of objects spreads much faster , than the speed of light even photons have gravity field around them , especially these shortwavelength ones therefore a bunch of gamma ray photons does n't propagate through vacuum independently , they 're attracting and revolving mutually like asteroids inside of giant vortex ring the heavier photons are collected at center of resulting cluster , whereas these longwavelength ones are revolving them in this way , the longwavelength photons are traveling along longer path ( thus fulfilling the lqg prediction ) , but the whole cluster arives at earth in single moment ( thus fulfilling the expectations of st ) the mutual revolution of photons inside of gamma burst cluster destroys their polarization too the formation of vortex rings from photons is not new feature , the same effect we can observe during spreading of light through boson condensates we can say , the vacuum density fluctuations are behaving with respect to gamma rays like the atoms inside of boson condensates with respect to visible light the vortex rings of light , which are formed here are illustrating , how the photons would appear at quantum scale we could say , the vortex rings of gamma ray bursts are forming normal photons inside of giant hyper universe
6	so , it was just an illusion that the universe was an illusion ?
1	about this time , someone is telling you to get on the plane " get on the plane get on the plane " i say , " fuck you , i'm getting in the plane ! george carlin
6	you mean you ca n't see yours ?
1	uhh no , it 's not an unfalsifiable claim , it 's a direct observation which contradicts an unevidenced and extremely speculative theory it 's worth remembering that the geo600 " fuzziness " was on the absolute threshold of the sensitivity of the instrument , and that there were two competing theories what caused the " fuzziness " that the universe was a hologram or that the fuzziness was simply noise
1	just shut the hell up okay i'm being excessive but a lot of interesting shit has been said about the nature of reality and our perceptions of reality since plato for christ 's sake lets try to push the envelope here otherwise its just making oblique references to stories like hipsters or something rant
6	" i want my universe incomprehensible and baffling at the most basic levels " why ?
6	quick , everyone blow something out of proportion so we can just tighten our on planet earth as governments ! what ? goats ? fucking goats johnny ? real nice goats fine try it out anyways
1	protect your low hanging washing line items ! !
1	no ! my goat cheese !
6	not the onion ?
5	here i am thinking there was some new development in this because i read about it a few weeks ago i am disappointed (
6	hmmm , sounds like a reversible , closed fuel cell system ? http en wikipedia org wiki flow battery
1	this is the shit you see coming out of a gekko 's leg when raiden slices it
5	sorry , i searched for " mit battery mold " and did n't find anything edit oops , should have seen http web mit edu newsoffice <> flow batteries <> html
2	and you 're done
4	yes
2	worst orangered ever
1	well fuck , i guess the song just sucks then
6	but where 's the booty popping ?
1	somehow this music would be more approrpriate ( http www youtube com watch ? v v5bydhzbfla ) considering all the workshop tools porn
7	the cymbal was an amazing sight !
6	that dog !
1	goddam i hate linkbacks in blog attribution
1	cymbal here wtf asshole ? ! ?
2	i was n't calling reddit a circle jerk i said he had to go through a circle jerk , as he started in reddit , and ended up , through several steps , back at reddit for the answer anything can be a circle jerk
2	everything includes parent sex ?
5	thank you , i felt like i'm taking crazy pills
5	i thought it was going to be a <> shot of the vibrations of the human eye i was disappointed
5	i did the same ! o i kept waiting for the shot of the eye to show up , but then the video ended and i read the title again , and again in my defense , i'm tired !
4	yeah , that was cool you could see the shape of the sound nice
1	you 're right you know what ? fuck the dslrs and the red camera everyone should get a phantom
1	do n't forget about those crabs ! someone has to go grab them crabs ! it 's deadly !
4	every time i see a slow motion video , i have to check and see if the price has come down to something affordable everything looks amazing in slow motion
8	this man deserves far more upvotes for having to go through this circle jerk thank you !
7	thanks much , you saved me time and effort today
1	stop calling reddit a circle jerk
4	agreed it was painful ironically , i ff 'd through most of it just to get to the slow motion
4	yeah but they like heheheh slap each other and stuff heheheheh its so coooooool
4	i love seeing the bass guitar strings under the strobe
5	i liked the cymbal and the dog have you ever seen a super slow mo replay of a golfer hitting a drive ? the club vibrates so much it looks like it 'd be hard to hold on to
5	i was expecting something more impressive
5	i totally expected that link would bring me to a video about microsaccades the vibrations of the eye that we 're not aware of , but without them , photoreceptors would adapt and we would be effectively blind is it wrong i'm a little disappointed ?
5	too bad no one has a monitor that can display <> fps
4	everything looks cool at <> , <> fps
1	the cymbal was the only thing cool ? nothing else really vibrated or at maybe my beast eyes have been seeing vibrations this whole time and everyone else 's mortal eyes are inferior to mine
4	further proof that i will enjoy almost anything shot at high speed and slowed down
1	discovery has no time nowadays to be making shows about unseen micro vibrations when there are swamp logs that need to be hauled !
6	used to ? seriously discovery ?
1	no no noooooo ! ! ! ! ! !
4	you are correct
5	i was bored last night , did n't want to watch a bunch of anime on adult swim , so i switched to discovery swamp log marathon " we 're not going to make the goal of <> shipments ! " " we barely made it " next episode " we 're falling way behind ! " " we caught up " snore
2	what ? am i not entitled to think that the song in the background is terrible ? i watched it on mute after i got <> seconds into it if i watched that a few times , yeah , i would need speakers that song is a treble filled disaster
1	great video but that music in the background is fucking grating
2	what an verbose title for a slow motion video
1	what is fluke trying to sell here ?
6	was there a video posted similar to this , must have been a while ago , of a guy plucking cello strings ? they looked like wet flappy spaghetti as he was plucking them , but it did n't appear to be slowed down footage just really clear , i guess anyone ?
4	everything is interesting in super slow mo
4	i love it when albums are available on bandcamp it 's such a nice way to preview and then acquire music thanks for the link !
6	what ? no dildos ?
4	wow ! i didnt know that things that vibrate are covered in water ! amazing what you can see when you slow things down to <> frames per second !
6	that is simply amazing !
6	oh god i first read that as booty pooping was was like
4	this is relevant to my interests
6	euroaids why europeans sometimes get hiv
6	a cellular peptide cake , maybe ? with mint frosting ?
7	it 's not easy to trace what proteins are doing , where they 're synthesized , what reactions they participate in , etc it may be that ab43 was simply another in a long list of proteins waiting to be poked and prodded with the biochem equivalent of traceroute ( pglo being a very popular tool for this ) the list of known proteins and gene products is enormous , but we have only traced the functions of a fraction of them
6	or is it more like , you cease to be interested in any hot girls even the one that likes you ?
6	well , it 's not exactly surprising that there are multiple evolutionary strategies right ?
6	the study says that an attractive person will stop seeming attractive , if they show interest in you i think this is regardless to your romantic situation
6	if i'm in a relationship , and someone more attractive hits on me , knowing i'm in a relationship , i 'll tear her throat out shrugs i was surprised to learn it could be any other way
5	something worth more than this squiggly line
1	save the <> bucks , what i said is the correct answer
4	so in other words " any port in a storm , amiright ? " great work , science , did n't know that already
2	since the article is behind a pay wall , there is no way to determine whether or not the abstract is full of shit or not
1	awww , now love is scientifically blind ( at least until you get laid )
5	alcohol desperation
8	too bad that most people do n't consider someone attractive based solely on their face also , hot is n't the same thing as attractive
4	ah , so that 's what they meant by the second sentence in the abstract makes more sense than what i 'd said , hahaha thanks for the clarification !
4	if we tie this to the theory that girls seem to be attracted to guys who are already taken , we should be able to attract the girls by ignoring them logic ! ! !
2	no , screwing fat chicks can be fun
5	these both seem like strong possibilities but i ca n't decide which one is more likely because the title is botched and i do n't have <> to read it myself !
8	yes , you 're correct time for redemptional karma kiri
1	even better fucking retardation
4	right your version of the title also would have garnered more upvotes
2	for a short period of time then come the hookers
1	i have a deep believe that anything can be described simply , you just proved it i think universities almost only use big words because they want to sound smarter then the average person , which i think , is bullshit
8	? ? how was the title hard to understand ? granted , it uses some psychology jargon , but it 's not particularly difficult to decipher tl dr could 've been worded better , but i 've seen much worse ( also , it seems it was translated from german )
1	if it sounds weird , it may be that you are not familiar with the terminology of that field
1	i agree i read that abstract and thought to myself , i have no god damn idea what they are trying to convey
2	no more ambiguous questions ! ! ! ! ! !
8	my husband works in a highly technical field he honestly believes if you ca n't explain something simply , you do n't understand it yourself i also think if you ca n't talk about something without using aphorisms , or cultural slang you have a lazy mind
1	it 's that damned question that 's throwing you off at least that was the case for me if i only read the part after the colon and ignored the question , i would have understood the title the first time i looked at it with the question , you think " yeah , this is about how people need to lower their standards " and then the rest makes no sense i think what the op was trying to get us to think with that question was " yeah , you ca n't be checking out all the other hot babes hunks when you 've got one right in front of you who 's interested "
5	my apologies i was probably trying too hard to use semi technical to be accurate
1	there 's no justification at all i think most authors are so excited to get into a journal that they just sign away their rights
1	it does n't mean a goddamn thing at all why is this even being upvoted if even the title is gibberish
8	what 's that squiggly you got there next to yer <> ?
4	that is a fascinating anecdote , thanks for sharing
5	when you submit an article to the journal , you give up the copyright wow , my respect for scientific journals as a whole just took a nosedive do you know what their justification is for taking copyright instead of publication rights ? my google fu has failed to find anything useful on the subject
1	i do n't even understand the title why should i even bother opening the link ? if science is n't presented in a understandable way , then it 's being done incorrectly ps i am not dumb i am studying mechanical engineering and know that not everything can be explained in simple words but come on ! edit i did actually read it saying " why should i even bother opening the link ? " was meant as a rhetorical question !
2	am i getting this right ? ( you spend your days looking at hot girls on facebook , but when one of these hot girls shows interest in you you then stop browing hotties on facebook and simply hang out with the girl that likes you ? )
4	gotta love that hindsight bias
4	right , that 's the complete opposite haha
1	basically , if she wants to suck your dick , it does n't matter if she looks like janet reno where 's my dipl psych ?
1	what the fuck does this say ? it sounds like if someone is attracted to you and then you act attracted back they are suddenly no longer interested this would explain a lot
1	shitty articles like this getting <> upvotes is how i know i'm not the biggest fucking idiot on reddit thanks guys
4	yes , i know that now
1	is there a german version of that abstract around somewhere ? i 'd really like to read it vielleicht verstehe ich dann etwas mehr !
7	we found a winner !
4	welcome to academicspeak
1	who the hell actually reads the evidence ? we trust the journalist 's , amiright ?
4	i was just kidding , i read the comments and then the abstract thank you for your coherent explanation p
1	in that wording , yes , onehundred fucking percent !
1	i can do even better if someone you want to fuck indicates that they want to fuck you , you stop noticing other hot people
5	for retards maybe , i'm way too smart to understand it
4	i like this abstract it demonstrates good creative use of scientific hypothesis formation and testing and shows how doing so can open up a new phenomenon in a way that allows it to be better understood at the neural level anyone can observe a behavioural trend , but rarely is it easy to link behaviour to underlying patterns of processing social neuroscientists and evolutionary psychs will have a field day reading this
1	i 'll alert the press
1	basically , it 's saying that the little alarm that goes off in your head everytime an attractive person crosses your field of vision will stop going off once you start conversing with a member of the desired sex that you think wants to fuck you , too got it ?
6	would if i mate while thinking of other hot people does that make me more evolved because i can do both ?
1	i'm not sure but i was in the supermarket the other day and it was full of ugly fat fucks every aisle was just an array of pasty fat fucks with coupons
4	the title is n't very clear , but i think they mean that you 're less automatically attentive to attractive faces if you have a mate ( someone that shares a mutual interest with you ) totally true , when i was happy with my ex boyfriend i did n't notice how attractive his friend model was after we split i definitely realized haha
6	well , i'm in cs and we praise change every day in our research proposals and marketing material i think it sad that we do n't do the same in the candidate selection criteria i am only asked about my pet projects once every <> interviews ( and they are interesting )
1	my concern is actually as much for the authors as the general public expecting someone to relinquish copyright ( any claim of ownership of their work , basically ) after a paper or article has been written is generally considered by the majority of the publishing industry as a shitty thing to do
2	relax , almost all articles are free after <> <> for the general public are they bollocks
2	i know i would n't be here reading comments otherwise , even if the title was still non sense
2	no , that 's even worse
7	thank you
4	we do tend to be more fun in bed , sometimes
1	if you want to fuck somebody who wants to fuck you , you do n't pay as much attention to other pretty people as you did before you found someone who wanted to fuck you
1	downvotes suck <> is fucking outrageous
8	when you 're single , you automatically check out anything hot that crosses your path when you have the potential to get into a relationship , this stops being reflexive presumably to drive focus onto the potential mate and ensure the continuation of the species
1	it is n't your fault that title is horribly incoherent
7	biosphere evolution opportunity !
2	you see what you 've done here is unequivocally reveal your monumental stupidity
1	who axed you computer ?
5	sorry but loony toons tells me different
4	ice nine i tell you
1	contaminate the surface with the stuff underneath crazy that 'll never happen ! now if you 'll excuse me i'm going to take a dip in the gulf of mexico i mean yellowstone river or fuck it i 'll hike on through alberta actually , whatev i was n't using any of that stuff anyhow it 's got nothing to do with mmeeeeee
1	unlikely , we know jack shit about the marine life we might be destroying and if companies start exploiting resources there , you can be damn sure any new research in the area will be kept off the table for at least a few years
6	<> deep ? might as well be on the moon
1	hurry u s !
6	i read the headline and knew immediately that it could n't i do n't even have to read the article dredging the ocean floor for minerals is fantasy
1	china we have all these precious metals ! nyah nyahhh usa we got mud , bitch !
8	oceans must be " raped " we know jack about our <> of planet oceans chastity belt must be broken
7	thank god ! that is sure a load off of my chest i had been stewing about that one for months
8	average depth of the pacific ocean about <> meters so , good luck with that
1	right because nothing could possibly go wrong with this it would be inconceivable that a gang of corner cutting capitalists would ever , say , contaminate the pacific ocean with toxic chemicals never
2	sneaky
4	being in an industry that is greatly affected by this , anything that cab loosen china 's monopoly on this is good news
4	nice try japan
4	i like how the headline is supposed to present this as a positive when in reality it should be something more like " get ready to rape the ocean even harder "
4	great now we just have to dig up the pacific ocean
6	does something that we can find lying around in mud at the bottom of the sea really count as " hi tech " ?
4	thx that makes sense
4	i have a huge bag of rice i take that bag and run through your house throwing rice in all directions it 's a bitch to pick it up , but its fucking everywhere
4	this line of thread has made me feel infinitely better
5	yea , to bad we do n't just build a thorium rector , and you know make electricity with it
6	rare like diamonds
1	you 're just being a dyck
4	there 's a subreddit for that ? awesome !
1	or fuck it i 'll hike on through alberta without specifying the region , this is a ridiculous example alberta is around the size of texas and the vast majority is farmland or forests you 'd have to specifically visit the fort macmurray area to see environmental effects from oilsands operations
5	sorry , what is the point of your previous two comments in this thread ? they have little to no relevance whatsoever unless i'm missing some larger point you 're trying to make , you appear to just be spitting out random information
5	wikipedia is accurate in the sense that we can only speak authoritatively based on evidence we have in hand there might be concentrated deposits of ree 's , and there might be a porsche <> in my garage under all those boxes given the what we 've seen so far , they 're sparsely distributed , and my garage contains only boxes of crap
7	oh , thank you for your extensive analysis and debunking of my statement i should have thought things through more thoroughly you have surely shown me the error of my ways
8	thankfully most of the ocean floor is actually pretty barren most of the life lives in the shallow areas
1	so , this is an excuse to fuck up the ocean floor ?
2	i just watched andromeda strain again yesterday , freaky
4	i like this part " would not have any environmental impact so long as the acids are not dumped in the ocean " the instance they sad that you knew that this is what will happen every <> <> month if this becomes common practice
1	permit me to call bullshit on this story 's premise that china has a monopoly , which is the propaganda implication that is the reason for the article ( ie " fear china , peasants ! " ) there are plenty of rare earth metal mines in the us and other countries these were shut down because the chinese government was massively underpricing the metals to gain market share and undermine other operations partly this was financed with dollars from the trade imbalance , but also because human life is worthless in china and there are no mining safety standards enforced and wages are nothing , when the workers are paid at all as opposed to being drafted as part of a prison sentence for being a dissident
2	scumbag resources appear rare actually abundant
4	have fun !
4	awesome , we are going to start sucking up the bottom of the ocean , this should go quite well i think
6	how does this get to the top page reddit ?
4	yeah , dig it up !
8	before china started major production , most of the world 's supply of rare earths came from the mountain pass mine ( http en wikipedia org wiki mountain pass rare earth mine ) in between las vegas and la we have to give credit to the us and california legislatures several years ago they saw these chinese restrictions coming and moved to help get mountain pass open again i have n't seen any news recently , but they 're supposed to be resuming mining this year the world demand for rare earths is a lot bigger now than the last time that mine was open , so hopefully they 'll be able to ramp up production quickly
2	does the documentary have a title ? edit sorry that was n't supposed to come of like a dick
4	exactly and pretty quick the cost is <> what it would be to just get res from china if you could get it from them at all that deep sea cost gets passed down the supply chain to end products , and pretty quick most of the things you thought you could n't live without that depend on re ( like any green or high tech ) suddenly are n't so necessary , compared to , say , putting food on the table or a roof over your head at inflation ravaged prices you already ca n't afford or it ends up being cheaper to buy the finished good from a chinese company which gets the majority of the margin then and still has access to the cheaper domestic source this will probably even be the reality when the dollar eventually stops being the world reserve currency net result us re consuming industries gets starved out of existence and china 's industries and economy grows ( they have most of the supply chain so most of the profit margins at each link stay in country ) btw that was part of the plan ( china 's plan ) all along in getting folks to outsource their factories over there at some point monopolizing both raw materials and manufacturing would squeeze the west completely out of all technological progress and economic gain it 's pretty much how the us became a superpower but , who knows , a miracle could occur
4	that 's a good point digging through water is very difficult , as the hole keeps filling up as soon as you empty it it 's also difficult for workmen to get a good footing on an aqueous surface
8	true total rationality is inhuman total rationality is the religion of the psychopath total rationality views everything , even human life , along the lines of a risk reward ratio leading to the accomplishment of greater things stalinists are rational even nazi 's could be said to be perfectly ' rational ' however , even the most coldly rational society would consider the integrity of the environment , if not the highest value , at least a value to defend
1	that 's insane that 's like saying a rational person would n't care about anything that would n't harm them this week that 's the behaviour of a junkie , not a rational being the problem with obscure tree frogs going extinct is that the trauma being inflicted on the world 's ecosystems is not limited to obscure tree frogs and you know it the oceans are emptying out , we 've annihilated more species in <> years than the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs , we dump radioactive waste into the sea in lead containers and ignore the fact that if anyone 's around in <> , <> years that shit will still need to be cleaned up , our agricultural model is completely unsustainable , all of the world 's deserts are expanding at rapid rates , climate change has reached a point where we can no longer stop it from happening , there 's a patch of floating garbage in the pacific the size of texas , and this isn ' t about tree frogs it 's about the destructive forces of capital and the state
1	mine all things ! ! !
4	you use this comment sarcastically , but that 's essentially the issue the us does n't control the oceans , so if another country wanted to ' rape ' their section of ocean , they 're free to do just that the free market is awesome
2	this is a piss poor analogy " no it is not
6	so you admit it 's not barren ? difficult to tell from that rant and do you accept that the increased turbidity from mining would spread over a vast area ? or does that not fit your denial ?
2	the capitalist society is like a junkie irrational , in denial , suicidal , out of control , unable to cease its destructive practices to deny this is to live in a laughable childish fantasy yourself in high school would have done well to continue questioning the dogma of capital
1	well ocean floor , have fun being raped
4	on the pacific floor this is going to end well
8	flood the market
7	ha ! about the same !
8	i think you 're confused but i'm not positive on which part
4	ladders work quite nicely as well plus they give you a way of going up and down
1	automated minecarts will work but for that we need gold lots of gold !
1	and when lacking pressure , you can inject shit in the well to make up for it injecting water into a metal mine will just blow your pumps
4	thank you japan ! ! !
4	you 're right on this there was a big rare earth mining operation in the california until china came in with rock bottom prices in the <> ( i think ) now that everyone 's noticing the importance of rare earths in high tech devices , they 're looking to re open that mine canada has a rare earth mine in the works in the northwest territories as well
5	this will not end well
1	rape the oceans even moar !
1	pretty barren note weasel word " pretty " in other words , it 's not there is life throughout the ocean except for maybe dead zones created by humans and their fertiliser run off and it 's all part of a huge ecosystem besides , massive plumes of mud created by mining the ocean floor would travel much further than the immediate zone around the mine and lab tests show the deposits can be simply removed by rinsing the mud with diluted acids , a process that takes only a couple of hours and , say the authors , would not have any environmental impact so long as the acids are not dumped in the ocean oh , yeah mining company acid ocean there 's no way that could ever go wrong let 's just fucking nuke the planet and get it over with
5	sorry you 're getting downvoted by people who seem to think oil beneath the surface is the same as oxides already mixed in with the muck at the bottom ( and on the surface of ) of the ocean
4	right and for capital , virtually any risk is acceptable as long as it does n't threaten the capacity to turn a profit , and any sufficiently large reward will outweigh any potential risks , which is why capitalism is a dangerously insane destructive force which needs to be eliminated as soon as possible
4	fuck duke !
5	like mountain top removal for coal people who think that is a good idea care nothing for anyone
6	i found this interesting , did a quick wiki search , some scrolling and ended up here ( http en wikipedia org wiki rare earth element global rare earth production ) if i had been feeling a bit lazier , i might have wished someone else had posted a link and saved me the effort , so there you go
7	but if we all buy a prius we 'll save the world !
4	good points , but i'm really hoping seaquest happens in real life
1	dragnet the fuck outta that floor yeah !
4	that 's actually a good marketing ploy i think we should sell steaks the same way
4	i agree completely , in fact , it might probably be easier to replace the eye completely to allow for better input data altogether
4	true , but you 'd still need to block some information during a testing scenario , otherwise you could simply send your test to a chinese guy you paid and copy down his answers even in the highly networked future , use of electronics will be severely limited in testing scenarios
5	animal testing ? downvote sorry
1	also , nanometer thick wires and self assembling circuits holy shit
7	there is really only one way to convey my feelings on this zomg the future is awesome and it is happening right now !
4	this comment here got me " advances in technology intimidate and repulse me it s not the fact that this is possible that scares me , it s the fact that we feel the need to dull our sensations with the numbing effects of led contacts that we don t even have the level of focus to stare at a screen , we need the screen attached to our retinas i m highly disappointed and a little disgusted by this " i am sure she was among the ones to find internet disgusting in <> 's i am glad she is not using any of the tech advances for her benefit
5	ew , i apologize i did n't anticipate him to dishonestly edit others ' comments but have an upvote , if it makes you feel any better ) and i 'll have to have a discussion about ethics with this guy
4	i have no doubt that once the technology matures they will become as cheap and normal as cellphones
4	yes please
1	no more hospital and drugs for you my friend
2	terrible article ! once green is achieved the contacts will be able to create pictures in perfect quality what nonsense , so far they 've been able to get something like <> leds on a lense obviously this will scale quite well so in a few years we might see <> arrays and then <> and so on but to pretend that the only thing stopping this from displaying high quality images is green leds is complete bs edit it seems we are n't quite as far away as i imagined " kopin corp announced a <> <> ( <> <> cm ) svga lcd with an astonishing pixel density of <> ppi ( each pixel only <> m ) " ( source wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki pixel density ) ) almost enough to display high resolution images on a retinal display they have n't yet managed to put it on a contact lens though edit2 i posted my criticism on his website and he turns it into praise , this man has no integrity whatsoever
7	sooooo very relevant ! ( http www amazon com rainbows end novel foot future dp <> )
1	jesus the writing is so bad
4	now i can cheat on all my tests , ahahaha !
1	unfuckingbelievable i posted a criticism on this guys website and he turns it into praise despicable !
4	hahaha
5	i have never met someone with a glass eye , but i always assumed they were fairly easy to spot because they lacked expression i admit i might be completely wrong on this one
6	let me know when i can look through ladies ' clothes
4	will they make that nifty bionic sound effect every time i zoom focus on a target ? that would be so cool
4	good article
4	agreed you 'll need something akin to a current display or an apple retina display and then there 's how some folks ( like myself ) ca n't where any contacts without rapid and dangerous allergic reactions
1	yes , it was kinda terrible i love how he led off by slipping this in with technology advancing faster and faster , building up to the singularity concept ( click here to read more the singularity ) ,
1	terrible article ! in every way , yes i could n't figure out if he was talking about lenses with built in displays or lenses that measure glucose levels and transmit the data to another device of course , by the time he mentioned " the singularity " i should 've just stopped reading so joke 's on me i guess
2	it says porn , not reddit , i think reddit actually makes you a bit smarter
5	" a healthy <> year old , when i first watched porn online at age <> , i felt like i was going to have an orgasm without an erection that s how powerful an effect the it had on me " " im sorry but thats the funniest thing i have read this week
4	i like your enthusiasm )
1	preservatives beat shitting yourself to death
1	lips and assholes !
4	in my fourth of july wiener ? freedom alright , freedom with a little bit of turkey smashed through a cheese grater delicious !
4	awesome
1	and now we 're back to a soy problem ? i kid i kid
6	oh ? so what 's the recommendation this week ?
1	i hate to say it , but you 're going to find it impossible to get enough protein on a vegan diet if you do manual labor you physically can not eat <> gram of protein for every <> lb of your own weight per day if the protein is coming from lentils , believe me i 've tried but yeah , if your not mowing lawns or building houses , a vegan diet is n't hard the food you mentioned sounds great btw i'm hungry now !
6	wow we eat almost opposite diets i eat a primal diet that 's high fat consisting of lots of high quality meats i eat as close to zero grains as i can ( but i do like them so i eat some ) i stay away from anything with sugar in it other than things like fruit ( i dig on berries mostly and stay away from fruit juices which have high sugar ratios ) i also have no problem eating dairy , cheese etc but i stick with the high fat or high protein stuff i eat plenty of healthy fats like avocado , coconut oils , butter etc i do eat a limited amount of nuts but i do n't go crazy i stay away from hydrogenated oils and oils with high omega <> 's that are pro inflammatory in general i stay away from processed anything or fast food of any kind i do n't generally eat frozen food ( sometimes frozen berries never something like a lean cuisine ) i do drink wine , mostly red high in resveratrol ( and flavor ) basically pretty much what mark sisson ( marksdailyapple com ) recommends
5	grains i love how i 've been downvoted , obviously by my fellow vegetarians who are grumpy about being reminded how much easier it is to be a meat eater i did n't give up meat because i thought it would be fun and easy i gave it up because it was right , and probably healthy anyhow , the big thing about protein sources is that the various weird and tasty grains that meat eaters ignore like beans and lentils and quinoa all contain partial proteins proteins are tricky because they need a voltron like combination of a " complete " protein to actually work quinoa is a rice like grain that is unique in the grain world for providing such a complete protein try it as a substitute for rice in your next stir fry or whatever otherwise , in general mix one of the traditional grains ( bread , rice , whatever ) with one of the heartier grains ( beans , lentils , chickpeas ) is the rule of thumb i 've been taught felafel is actually good because it contains both there 's also seitan , which is wheat gluten obviously not an option for celiacs it 's a wonderful meat substitute in both taste and protein content sadly , in this savage wasteland of ontario it 's pretty hard to find in a pre packaged form
4	yay , so we 've replaced our fat problem with a sodium problem brilliant !
5	i'm confused as to what you 're referring to there , you 're seeing things in my posts that do n't exist where in my posts have i associated myself with the paleotards ? militant paleos are just as bad as militant vegans in my eyes and whilst i share some dietary principles with them , i generally think that <> of the people who actually identify themselves as ' paleo ' are fucking morons if anything you 've demonstrated the fact that reality does not match your distorted perceptions maybe i should clarify my position i 've got nothing against the china study itself , outside of the fact it 's only an epidemiological study and as such ca n't be used for anything other than generating hypotheses i just believe that campbells interpretation of the data is flat out wrong that the data just does not support his conclusions
2	someone needs to tell me which delivery food to eat cooking is for boring people
4	that 's cool cannabis has been doing this for years without a diet change
4	wow this is really significant combine it with the studies suggesting lower carb intake reducing heart disease and diabetes and the personal health reasons for avoiding meat a la vegetarianism get that much less convincing
4	steak is good for you
5	i'm irish i live on beer and potatoes this is the worst news ever (
2	can we just give up on the low carb thing already ? this is getting ridiculous
1	god bless aacr and their free to download journals in unrelated news , fuck you very much , ebscohost
2	i work in cancer biology as a doctorate student mouse models are pretty horrible but i'm not arguing they do n't serve a purpose whopping conclusions should n't be drawn from them for instance , thermal ablation using gold nanoshells does not cure cancer it cures cancer in mice that have a tumor <> cm from the surface of their skin yet this headline about the miracle of nanoparticles is ubiquitous in cancer research no evidence exists that this can be used in humans with any such degree of sucess these studies shed some light on possible actions for future therapy they do not , however , reveal things such as " a low carbohydrate , high protein diet slows tumor growth and prevents cancer initiation " they might suggest that this is a possibility , but certainly a murine tumor model does not show that in humans a low carb diet slows tumor growth it does n't even come close to that diet studies are particularly flawed in murine models , given that the diet of mice and humans are n't remotely similar it 's stupid to make headlines on reddit that are so misleading feel free to have a different opinion
2	nuts taste nothing like cheese , blasphemer
5	sorry , ca n't after the hpv vaccine gave me late onset autism , my parents cured it and made me immune to cancer with a homeopathic arsenic and honey mixture you know how it is
4	yes , thanks for rtfa , dr warburg is mentioned in the very first sentence of the paper
1	no fat is good for you low fat is bullshit
7	units are important
2	if you eat any major food group in excess you get fat or ill in some way
4	right , because only fad diet salesmen make such absurd claims you have decided to pretend " the entire scientific community " is " militant vegan veg circles " and that " paleo scammers " is " the entire scientific community " but reality does not match your distorted perception
6	all my local grocery stores sell nothing but soy based meat substitutes you may be in a different position locally ( where do you live ) but that 's different than saying that the industry has standardized on something that it has not wheat gluten is actually the more popular protein source it 's just tofu gets the press since it has a funny name
4	this looks interesting , thank you for sharing !
7	that 's an excellent start , thank you
4	i 'd be interested in reading a respected rebuttal
4	i like your optimism
4	thanks ) oh , the <> mice in the last experiment were female the tumor growth experiment was done with two diets <> high amylose cho , <> protein , <> fat ( <> cho ) diet for <> mice ( plus <> control mice on a <> diet ) <> cho was also <> mice ( plus <> controls on <> diet ) then another experiment with <> cho diet plus chemotherapy in total about <> mice ( <> mice on the <> cho diet , of which <> received a kind of chemotherapy ) i do think this article is interesting and who knows in the future a cancer patient will receive a diet to support the effect of the chemotherapy but i think there 's still a lot to discuss and to investigate here
4	they are lucky they got use <> animal testing is rather hard to do depending on the government
1	shut your mouf your analogy with hybrid cars tells me how stupid you are
1	have u tried it asshole ?
4	i have an awesome large fancy pressure cooker that i 've been using for nearly <> years , and i have to say that cooking beans in it is tricky , since they foam up so much and tend to clog the valve , resulting in spraying down the kitchen if you do n't have the temperature and amount of bean water just right however , i limit our intake of canned beans due to bpa etc tip salt beans after cooking , as salting them before makes them a little tough
2	yes , yes you think you can completely cure cancer with the right foods , composing " natural health " but i am the foolish one i also foolishly do n't believe in fairies in leprechauns my bad
2	you know they invented this process called canning not very hard to sit down once a week , or every <> days , and make a shitload of beans you can say the same for meat you need to freeze meat or else it goes bad you can dry it or can it
2	whether you like meat or not , it 's pretty hard to say it 's harder to cook with a straight face it is who actually cooks raw beans anymore ? nobody who is n't involved in some sort of project ( like church or pta or something ) and they 'll invest the time i was responding to someone who was saying that it takes longer to cook veggies than meat , which is inaccurate i can cook seitan on high heat and have it done in <> <> minutes if i stay on top of it ( which is about what you 'd have to do to get the meat to cook within the ten minutes ) coming from the most common use case for each product ( canned for beans , raw for meat ) it actually is noticeably faster to cook beans than a pork chop there 's no way you 're getting that porkchop done in <> minutes , but that 's more than enough time to either nuke or simmer the canned beans for example ( http thepioneerwoman com cooking <> <> simple pan fried pork chops ) prep time <> minutes cook time <> minutes personally , i think her times are a bit screwy ( <> minutes less on prep , possibly five more on the actual cook ) but the amount is about what i 'd expect think is something everyone simply knows vegetarians do this is one of my pet peeves it 's not against omnis though , since it 's probably just a fundamental flaw in our society that just finds a representation here , but there 's the assumption that if one does n't know about it then someone who has every reason to know about it , probably still does n't know rant animal products have all the amino acids , but most vegetable products are missing some slightly incorrect you 're about <> <> on but it 's an important <> where you 're off " complete protein " is dietary shorthand for basically " if you eat this protein possessing food and your protein consumption equals the rda , then you do n't have to worry about the individual aminos since it 's all in proportion with what your body needs to take in " in other words it 's just a way of saying that you can go solely off of the grams of protein on the side of the box without having to research the food to make sure you 're feeding yourself adequately one thing you might notice about that is that it says absolutely nothing about whether it has any of the amino acids and if you look at the evidence most plants , especially those thought of as protein sources , actually do come pretty close to the definition of " complete protein " but their proportions are off , so they ca n't claim the label gluten comes pretty close but quinoa was actually proposed as being a food source for long term space missions simply because it is so incredibly close to being a complete protein ( i 'll try to find the source for you after i post , if i can still find it ) soy is the only complete protein , but a protein being incomplete just means you have to complement it with something like beans legumes are naturally complemented by bread pasta rice ( which is why wheat rice and beans are both included in that enchilada i was referring to ) long and short of it is it 's kind of important if a food is a " complete protein " but it 's not a big deal if it is n't , just need a rough understanding of what to pair it with ( most veggies do n't even worry that much about it ) edit this ( http www hort purdue edu newcrop proceedings1996 v3 <> html table <> ) is n't the pdf i was thinking of when i wrote that but it does contain the information for the proportions required for " complete protein " see wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki complete protein ) from the article the protein values increase and the relative proportions of amino acids meet or exceed the requirements of humans , except for cysteine and methionine same article has ( in kind of a weird basing ) cysteine at <> miligrams and methionine at <> mili as well i say weird because it gives grams per <> grams which is basically in tens of miligrams ( which is why i multiplied by ten to get them into a more usual denomination ) at any rate that puts methionine cystine at <> , but the wikipedia says <> is the recommended amount seems like someone 's math is a little off , not quite sure whose ( hint probably the page anybody can edit ) at any rate it appears that there are only two limiting acids and we 're down to the point where we have two ( somewhat ) reliable sources that are erroring on saying it has too much of the acids edit <> i think i figured out why the math did n't work out , they 're probably going to have to grow them hydroponically but i was pulling from field growth hydroponically the methionine cystine at <> which is <> below the requirement to be called a " complete protein " edit <> taking another look at the table it looks like they 're saying methionine cystine is too low even for field grown so maybe the wikipedia page is way off or something
1	that does n't even make sense i did n't tell you that being a vegan is wrong i told you to stop projecting your beliefs on others " come off your high horse " would be something you would say to someone who thought they were more righetous than you , which is the position you 're playing in this disccusion , not i
5	when i see " diet " or " light " foods that contain less fat but compensate for loss of flavour by adding extra sugar , i shed a tear
2	some fat is good for you , but that only means that no fat is bullshit , low fat is not bullshit unless your bodyfat is low enough that you need more to be healthy
4	it depends on the fruit modern fruit has been bred to be " tree candy " although it 's not nearly as sweet as real candy , it 's still pretty sweet however , it does have fiber in it which lowers it 's gi
6	it 's amusing when scientists discover the exact opposite results to the " natural remedy " peoples ' suggestions people promoting diet as the cure for cancer have been claiming that a vegetarian low protein diet stops or reverses cancer growth right
1	fuking bullshit the reason the person got cancer in the first place is due to bad diet a high protein diet slows ( but does n't stop it now does it ? ) see how fuking insane this title is slow , but dont stop the tumor growth here 's a fuking idea , how about we stop and cure the tumor every single fucking nation in this fuking world that eats meat and drinks milk have the highest rates of bone disease and disorder at elderly age and i submit to you that any nation in this world that eats starches and vegetables as primary source of food intake have the lowest rate of bone disease at elderly age gee whize , why do u think that is ? ? ? eating meat is deadly , it 's highly acidic and strips the body of calcium so fuk off meat , fuck off you bacon eating redditards , and fuck this fake fail journal article and another thing , all you fake fuking go green trendy hipsters out there , if you really want to decrease pollution , then stop eating meat
2	that study is flawed in many respects their definition and how they measured " low carb " would mean someone eating <> <> carbohydrate day was eating a low carb diet they used food frequency questionnaires very crude method of gauging what people ate do you even remember what you ate one week ago ? the authors only examined food intake once at the start of the <> plus year study if a person changed his diet at any point during the two decade study it would not be reflected in the analysis the risk ratios ( hazard ratios ) are miniscule tiny if there is any effect at all , it is barely measurable , even if you have very good , very precise data which we do n't most epidemiologists ( legitimate ones , anyway ) ordinarily do n't consider an rr of less than <> <> worth looking into and even then , it 's still a tenuous , weak , relationship at best the rrs in this study were all like <> <> or <> <> in real world terms , basically nothing edit fixed units
4	thanks , i wish i could give you more than one upvote while the science is interesting it 's very preliminary extrapolating a sweeping conclusion based <> male mice is pretty damned silly
4	i stand corrected though i might suggest that , since it has a very salty taste , you could use less of it and achieve the same amount of flavour but perhaps that 's more appropriate for r fitness
6	use the low carb noodles and you absolutely can go there even with regular noodles , the gi is still pretty low amazing what can be considered healthy
1	plus vegetarians are so snooty
4	opposite i love cooking i just happen to have a job , <> rambunctious toddlers , a wife who works crazy long hours , and hobbies other than cooking
2	downvoted for complaining about <> downvotes
1	proteins are tricky because they need a voltron like combination of a " complete " protein to actually work hint it 's uninformed crap like this that 's getting you downvoted ( i mean , aside from your apparently complete ignorance of quick to prepare vegetarian foods like canned beans ) protein combining is an outdated , incorrect notion
1	and my axe !
1	yeah , sorry i'm a bad person i 'd rather kill a living thing than sacrifice my humanity yes , eating meat is human yes , it 's natural , healthy , and perfectly fine i take issue with cafo , and the strong environmental issues , but i'm not going to drink <> grams a day worth of pea protein powder down vote away for having an opinion other than yours i understand , i did the same thing when i was a vegetarian for ten years i also saw the health effects first hand on myself and fellow vegetarian friends ya 'll are deluding yourselves if you think a well planned vegetarian diet is any healthier than a well planned omnivorous diet
2	it 's called natural health , and you ca n't patent it fool i will be a millionaire just you wait
7	luckily there 's rice and pea protein powder that makes it easy to get plenty of protein
4	lol
1	which does n't mean a fucking thing ridiculous ad hominems like you 've just presented do n't actually address the arguments she put forward it 's a classic logical fallacy to attack the person and their credentials and not the substance of the argument itself
6	which carbs are associated with diabetes refined or complex ?
1	holy shit ! i tried to use short ( http cancerres aacrjournals org content <> <> <> short ) instead of the long ( http cancerres aacrjournals org content <> <> <> long ) in the url and that fucking worked ! ( " yes , i know that it only shows the abstract , it 's awesome nonetheless ! " )
4	i love cancer as a chain smoker , i look forward to it
4	wild fruit can also naturally be as sweet as modern fruit http rawfoodsos com <> <> <> wild and ancient fruit
7	this is the most thorough rebuttal i 've read http rawfoodsos com <> <> <> final china study response html http rawfoodsos com the china study
5	so you 're saying you know a dietary method to instantly completely halt the growth of all tumors ? man , if only you could learn to spell , you 'd be a multi millionaire it 's sort of tragic
6	wow study is officially not interesting , not even going to open it we 've cured cancer in murine models everyone not novel
1	fuck it , you win , i'm <> wrong and you are <> right
6	really ? i wish it did n't have to be stored in a cool place or i 'd send you some !
4	what 's so special about taking protein supplements at a construction site ? if it 's portability there are portable options too if people will make fun of you or it 's some other social thing well , that 's more of a personal preference than an " it 's impossible " situation which is fine just sayin '
2	i thought it was satire it is certainly funny whether or not it is intended to be
1	haha , yeah , i noticed that too it could be a <> year meta study that shakes the foundation of science and nutrition itself and these frothed mouthed zealots would call bullshit
4	this is important because high fat increases cancer risk ( <> ) and plant protein seems to decrease whereas animal protein increases cancer mortality ( <> ) interestingly , colonic cancer inducing damage caused by red meats may be avoided with high amylose , low cho diets ( <> ) these studies suggest that macronutrient sources and combinations are very important and that testing them through highly controlled studies , such as those achieved with mice , represents a powerful approach to this question correct me if i'm wrong but this study cites another that states a low carb , high plant sourced protein diet is better than animal protein diets http www annals org content <> <> <> abstract ? ijkey b1f9fa9450c63ed84fc9c79ad8b83d41be745fd7 & keytype2 tf ipsecsha
4	i " knew " that for a long time starting to avoid carbs some <> years ago was so far ( i'm <> ) the best single decision of my life the benefits are so many i would n't even know where to start a propos current topic , there 's been research done ( in the ' <> i believe ) showing that cancer cells in vitro thrive and grow like mad when fed with sugars but stop multiplying and start dying without it , like when fed with fats and proteins i ca n't find the study online though maybe someone here knows more about it ?
6	why does a vegetarian diet have to be low protein ?
4	loudmouths stand out more than voices of reason do n't get me wrong though , i detest the " froth mouthed zealots " on the other end of the spectrum just head over to r fitness and see the " hive mind " mentality of ' omgz , if i eat one carb i 'll get the diabetes ! ' as well as the ' yeah , you gotta eat over <> grams of carbs every day or you ca n't get strong ' type some people just like to stick their fingers in their ears and do the internet version of singing la la la
2	basically everything is bad for you if you have enough of it and everything is good for you if you have it in small enough quantities these whole extreme diets jumping from " carbs are brilliant eat tons of them " to " carbs are the devil , do n't even look at them " is just stupid you can tell how little science goes behind a lot of these diets because of the fact that they come and go in fashion never heard of gravity going out of fashion why not eat a balanced diet and your body will tell you if it does n't like something
2	dogs do n't have molars , and are not known for chewing their food , which is necessary to digest carbohydrates so , of course , they do n't do well with carbohydrates your comparison is totally invalid , i'm afraid
5	uh what are you trying to say clearly vegans are the cause of america 's obesity and laziness
1	hybrid cars are fuking bullshit ! they slow , but do n't stop , energy usage ! her 's a fucking idea , stop using energy entirely , and have are cars fly through the air completely for free ! everything else is stupid ! anyway , not eating meat does n't lower the chance of cancer rates , bone disease is a negligible cause of death in western countries amongst the elderly , especially when we 're talking about cancers ( leukemia is a young people disease ) , and your assertion that milk consumption leads to weaker bones is the exact opposite of what the data shows osteoporosis may have some correlation with meat consumption ( though it has only been demonstrated with isolated protein , and there is some evidence to suggest otherwise with whole meat ) , but the countries with the highest rates of osteoporosis also have the highest life expectancies overall anyway , if you want to troll , try r keto ( r keto ) you 'll probably find them to be better targets overall for these rants of yours
1	fuking bullshit the reason the person got cancer in the first place is due to bad diet a high protein diet slows ( but does n't stop it now does it ? ) see how fuking insane this title is slow , but dont stop the tumor growth here 's a fuking idea , how about we stop and cure the tumor the " person " is one of several mice and they all got their tumours the same way it helps to read the first paragraph of the abstract before attempting to " debunk " a scientific study
2	yes , and outside of the militant vegan veg circles it 's widely considered to be a load of disingenuous horse shit
4	very interesting study , and against the current high protein fad
4	personally , i have no idea , but you could probably get an answer if you posted a topic in r fitness , r advancedfitness , or r askscience i 'd be interested in the answer , too
4	the max protein meal is still under debate after a little googling , i can see that
7	thanks for that it would be tempting to say , " well , then , my recommendation stands ! " but that would be uncalled for and unkind , would n't it ?
2	the study used plant based proteins and found that animal proteins increased cancer , so you 've got nothing to worry about post title is potentially misleading
1	shut your mouth , you dont know jack shit about natural healing asshole
2	it is in fact a widely considered as the definitive rebuttal to campbell by a large number of 're spected ' people yes it is ad hominem to disregard the substance of an argument on the basis that someone is n't qualified enough i 've got a degree in biochemistry , i'm <> years into a molecular biology focused phd , if i reproduce the rebuttal is the argument then legitimate ? how qualified does someone have to be for the argument to be accepted , does someone have to published in order to be able to produce an intelligent argument ? can someones argument only be right if they are judged qualified and respected enough by you ?
1	damn it when will they realize they need to start looking at photomagnetic materials damn them , damn them and their ferrofluids !
4	we 've got a lot of experts on food security , so we 're doing a q & a this month where you can ask us anything on gm , feeding the world , etc details via the link above email questions to research horizons admin cam ac uk feel free to get involved !
5	they do n't make rubik 's cubes like they used to i broke <> in <> weeks and did n't solve either one my kids were n't all to pleased with me , since the cubes belonged to them sigh
5	i do n't understand the use of the word " maximum " here
2	i suck at both making novelty accounts and using memes ftfy
4	muchos gracias thanks for the help vaya con dios
1	are you implying that blackdebbie has a small penis ? <> she 's a she <> she 's black
1	now guys , no cheating by tilting your fingers !
1	would n't it be easier just to look at your dick ?
1	it 's a strange article , because higher ratios between index and ring fingers are supposed to indicate higher testosterone so higher testosterone equals smaller penis ? edited to say " higher testosterone "
2	that was much easier than losing weight !
4	must be a typo in the article haha , nice catch
2	you 're also more likely to be gay
5	its sad that this , the most dumbass comment in the thread , has the most upvotes , while the intelligent stuff is all downvoted
8	well , there is a emptiness in the theory that is filled by something all we can do until the whole world of physics is shattered is think about what could fill in the gaps
4	that 's one of the outstanding theories the problem is that the theoretical value for vacuum pressure is <> <> times the observed value for dark energy , so we have a huge way to go before we can reasonably call it an explanation
1	careful now before long you 'll be calling it god
8	" one of a number of seemingly implausible features of dark energy is that its density is assumed to be constant over time so , even though the universe expands over time , dark energy does not become diluted , unlike the rest of the contents of the universe " that is , until we learn how wrong we are about dark energy
4	erm i guess this is accurate kinda ? a better way to view it is that dark energy is just an inherent property of space , so saying that it does n't become diluted is n't really meaningful when you frame it that way it 's really quite plausible
4	thanks for the clarification
2	" dark matter " is a terrible name for it all that has been observed is pure gravity without any associated matter but because they called it " dark matter " everyone assumes it must be matter or some sort and it may be , but all that has been observed is pure gravity
1	well then , how am i supposed to finish my science fiction novel now ! ? but seriously is n't there a chance that we really have no grasp of either concept , and , in the end , they might turn out to be one in the same ( and not at all like what we considered each to be on their own ? ) from what i understand , some theories involve <> or more dimensions and we 're attempting to explain those theories with quite limited brain power ? unification seems to be such a common goal of physics but they 're talking about unifications in " our " world ( i e , <> dimensions ) whereas " true " unifications could involve a multiverse with infinite dimensions edit also , seriously " zero " ? you 're clearly not a scientist ( i could have wikipedia 'd your response , which i did , but i did n't find it at all informative )
7	there 's a very good chance of that !
2	and mathematicians like priests , but without teh pedophile and just a little of teh gay
1	the problem is n't that the lack of a mathematical explanation is giving people false impressions ( if it were , you would not be able to understand the relevant math with just high school calculus no matter how heavily it was annotated , but that 's another issue ) i 'll illustrate the problem here by saying basically what it sounds like you 're saying " with regular integrals and numbers , the integral from <> to <> of x is <> , so it seems reasonable to think that , if the integral from <> to <> of <> <> were a form of integral and pi a form of number , they could also have a relationship also , it seems as if , just going by text based explanations , both could be related , without being the same thing , through being manifestations of something popping in from another derivative limit graph whatever basically , both thumbtacks and wads of gum poking from the carpet backing of calculus into the carpet " see the problem ? it 's not that you 're just lacking the mathematical details you 're just throwing together random ideas , some of which do n't even make sense if someone went to you with the above paragraph , would you be able to just respond with an explanation of how integrals work ?
2	what comments are these specifically ? the only ones i see with negative karma are bad ones and chipney 's and chipney is getting downvoted because he advocates retarded things in general ( although he admittedly has a point here )
8	i understand that you 're the person here who understands the math i think the problem here stems from the terminology with regular matter and energy , e mc <> , so it seems reasonable to think that , if farm matter were a form of matter and dark energy a form of energy , they could also have a relationship also , it seems as if , just going by text based explanations , both could be related , without being the same thing , through being manifestations of something popping in from another dimension universe layer whatever basically , both thumbtacks and wads of gum poking from the carpet backing of the universe into the carpet i think what would help is if somebody took the mathematical explanations and annotated them heavily enough that someone who 'd gone up to , say , calculus bc in math could sort of understand the equation based explanation without having to actually take five mote years of math just to know what the notations in the equations mean even if we still did n't understand the math very well , maybe just seeing how the ideas were formulated mathematically would help bridge the gap between your understanding of this and ours
4	im sure he is very smart , but he is mixed up about the expansion of the universe it is accelerating this isnt something that can be explained away buy choosing the correct point of view
2	since i started bitching maybe they got tossed a couple of pity upvotes
5	so the universe is constantly expanding , and we do n't know where the nothing is coming from ? would n't it make more sense to think that we 're expanding into an already existing nothing rather than postulating that the nothing is expanding along with us with these bizarre properties ?
2	dark matter is pretty uncontestably not a mess like , we do n't quite know what it is yet , but basically everyone agrees that there 's just a bunch of matter with no electromagnetic charge flying around galaxies
4	magic , got it
6	think of physics like magic , engineers as practitioners , and physicists as wizards and alchemists
4	yes but then you have to call gravity magic too
8	theres lots of great comments go check out the <> ones to learn something to answer your question because in this universe things dont accelerate unless there is a force acting on them f ma
4	yes , that 's the point the extra space is being created , rather than the universe expanding into already existing extra space
4	i think amarkov 's responses are fine , and i understand why physicists who understand the math get frustrated with people who just know the text based popularization version , but i think the down ratings are a bit much drpon is n't saying that perpetual motion machines exist , or that aliens have wiretapped everyone 's fillings this is really just a question about , " where are the limits between what we really know and what we kind of sort of know ? " i think those are reasonable sorts of questions we may not really know whether stars exist , or whether we exist , on a deep philosophical sense , but it sure feels as if we exist and we can look at stars we do n't know for sure if we 've ever interacted with dark matter or dark energy i think it 's entirely reasonable to be more skeptical about statements about things that are far from everyday experience
1	that makes very little sense we 've observed gravity , and we know gravity is caused by the presence of matter , so we have therefore observed matter this is like arguing that we have n't actually observed stars , because we 've only observed photons which we think are emitted by them
2	can we just start calling it magic ?
2	i think you need to read popper again you 've created a very bad definition of your notion of " unreasonable "
1	something has to keep pumping that into our universe then zomg interdimensional aliens dumping toxic waste <> ! <> ! oneone !
2	would it be stupid to assume that dark energy is space itself ?
8	maybe we should just start calling it the dark ether on a side note , it does make me wonder when some einstein caliber genius will finally come along and shame all of this " dark energy matter " mess into its grave
8	at the end of the universe , some many billions of years away from us now , people will still exist , although altered lacking heat , entropy , substance , these cold ones envy our past our substance our movement thus , using dark and eldritch machines unlike any we can define , they send themselves hurtling backwards through time , to the present day now they sit , just out of sight watching us that is what 'd ark energy ' is
7	" our dark energy , who are in heaven "
4	oh , i see thank you for explaining that
2	i think that 's wrong i think far away galaxies do move away faster than lightspeed , or else the known matter would all be in a circle of max <> billion lightyears space time is being warped by galactic masses and as such space and matter cannot be regarded as separate entities that do n't influence each other
1	dark matter is not mysterious it is matter which does not interact electromagnetically we do n't have confirmation of what specifically it is yet , but that does n't mean ooh maybe it 's not matter after all ! similarly , dark energy is not as mysterious as you imagine it ca n't " not even be energy " , if you work out the math then there 's an energy term associated with accelerating metric expansion it 's very possible that dark energy is a consequence of something more interesting than " well it 's just there because because " , but that does n't mean we completely do n't understand what 's going on
1	actually , i was kinda hoping a physicist would come in and explain why i'm wrong , and that would have been the best comment in the thread
2	are you confusing dark matter and dark energy ? the two are pretty much opposite in their effects
4	well , the interesting thing here is n't so much that dark energy is constant as that it does n't " spread out " with metric expansion which is true of all dark energy models ( admittedly , there is quite a bit of variety in them )
8	dark energy grows in strength as the universe expands im sorry that seems " weird " to you however , the universe doesnt really care what you find weird or not
4	dark energy is a really fascinating phenomenum the universe started with a big bang , and it was always assumed the galaxies would slow down their rate of expansion as time went on due to gravity pulling on them instead we find they are flying apart at faster and faster rates decidedly not like a typical explosion what is pushing them faster and faster apart ? i dont know , but all the good comments on this are buried at <> enjoy your karma
1	nah , not the case at all but when someone says that there 's a <> chance of something happening , i have to call bullshit on their scientific literacy you ( and i , and everyone ) make assumptions every day about how the world works please do n't call our questions or assumptions ( or " hypothesis " ) " oogly boogly " i mean , if i wanted real , accurate answered to these questions , i certainly would n't be asking reddit i 'd be asking someone who is trained in the field ( and please do n't say , " well , i have a phd in quantum blah blah " )
1	nah , not the case at all but when someone says that there 's a <> chance of something happening , i have to call bullshit on their scientific literacy you ( and i , and everyone ) make assumptions every day about how the world works please do n't call our questions or assumptions ( or " hypothesis " ) " oogly boogly " i mean , if i wanted real , accurate answered to these questions , i certainly would n't be asking reddit i 'd be asking someone who is trained in the field ( and please do n't say , " well , i have a phd in quantum blah blah " )
2	thanks for following up a dumbass comment with a smartass comment
2	it 's a <> chance because it does n't make sense in order to ask the question " is it possible that the higgs field and dark energy will be unified " as though it is meaningful , you have to not understand what either of them is not knowing things is n't some sort of horrible sin , but you ca n't pretend that your uninformed opinion is equivalent to anyone else 's informed opinion
5	yiiihaaa ! the end is near ! repent my friends
4	the general idea is that they found a way to get a machine into cells that only releases its contents when desired the fact that the machine is made of dna is cool but not relevant to the engineering discovery 's importance imagine having little closed boxes in your cells , and those boxes contain drugs that relieve symptoms of a chronic disease the boxes only open when the disease symptoms show up this is the general idea
4	well , i always liked brian 's work as david silver on beverly hills <> , so i guess i should check this book out
7	great book most of the copies of me enjoyed it immensely
2	first paragraph filler second paragraph , more filler third and fourth paragraphs , moore 's law fifth and sixth paragraphs , ( poor ) summary of spintronics final three paragraphs , small amount of info about new findings what a horrible article
1	no shit i thought this was common knowledge
4	this creates a perfect model for organized religion and shared ideology without facts
5	we 're slowly realizing the uncomfortable truth most things we think are true might very well not be )
2	i do n't know why you keep wanting to talk about things i'm not talking about , but have fun with it real time pricing is not a storage technology
8	real time pricing is a technology solution people want comfortable buildings , cold food , and lighting
2	dude , have you seriously never seen a movie in your life ?
6	but , but , back to the future had them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	solar this , solar that wake me up when someone solves the energy storage problem
1	the sooner the price drops , the sooner these babies are going on my room come to butt head
5	but we 'll run out of baby pandas to make the ink out of faster
4	nice try , hp
1	sure the solar panels are cheap , but the ink cartridges to keep them running cost a fortune !
4	while i agree that for solar power to replace existing coal oil hydro etc a storage method such as the molten sodium or hydro pumping methods has to exist , having a blended solution at my home where i can run my electric heat ac , hot water heater , etc during daylight hours off solar would save me real money if the cost of the panels ( or other collection method ) and their associated upkeep becomes affordable without all the subsidies , i 'd be very interested
4	i think anything which helps keep electricity bills lower will be a significant development for most people
1	concentrators do n't use indirect sunlight , so they are strongly limited by location and conditions just makes the storage problem worse they also require far more continuous cost for maintenance ideally you want something like inject printing to cover large areas , but i just do n't see those having good efficiency for a while bottom line no good solutions now
4	you 're right , some clever new thinking is needed to solve the mismatch between supply and demand which is inevitable as we shift to renewables like solar and wind however much of the problem can be addressed by using smart grids , such that demand to a greater extent follows the supply ( for instance , your washing machine runs whenever electricity is cheap ) and then there 's pumped hydro ( scandinavia could act as europe 's " battery " ) , compressed air , flywheels i remain optimistic !
4	the problem with solar power is n't the solar power part , it 's the energy storage this is true , but there are still some very good applications for solar power where this is not a problem air conditioning for instance , which you really need when the sun is out i also believe this should work well for trains , which already run on electricity , mainly run during the day and already use plenty of land that could be used for solar panels industries should also be able to use this a lot when they work during the day concentrating solar is orders of magnitude more efficient and cheaper than standard pv cells , and i do n't think using inkjet printers will overcome that concentrated solar power makes sense for some ways of collecting solar power , but for example is n't very good to install on a roof both ways have their merits costs going down is good news
1	i think we can all agree that the mainstream media does n't give one fuck about what scientists have or have not " generally discarded "
5	sorry , the law specifically states that the mother has to prove that it was n't aborted that 's different than saying " miscarraige is illegal " it may eventually pass that that is true , but even republicans are n't that stupid they are n't against miscarraiges , they are against abortions this just seems like a way to scare people , blackmail them , not accuse random women of abortion abortions are illegal in the state , the nutcases already got that state
8	i look at it like it is a womans body 's way of being very picky and hopefully meaning a healthier baby
5	yeah , but , if they miscarry in some us states now they are liable to be investigated for homicide ( sigh ) any of you other countries need citizens ? i am ready to bail on the us now
1	that 's bullshit because a d & c can cause permanent damage to uterine lining
8	or they might go to jail for murder if they live in mississippi apparently
2	having a child is an unbelievably selfish act and yet our culture bestows on them accolades as if it was noble and something to be proud of name <> good reason to reproduce other than to have someone who will wipe your ass for free when you ca n't
2	this is n't entirely true there are some conditions like cervical incompetence and anti phospholipid syndrome where women will continue to have miscarriages and have a much higher rate of miscarriage these conditions can be treated but then woman 's odds of getting pregnant are lower than average
1	proof ? this sounds like bullshit
1	if they miscarry in some us states now they are liable to be investigated for homicide unbe fucking lievable ! my mother had <> miscarriages before i was finally born , fuck knows what they would do her !
1	well it 's like saying war is a selfish act sure it is when you are attacking , but not defending having a child in america is defense against the stupidity of the fundies that is a war that is raging
2	someone has to fight off the haters
1	nothing because he 's full of shit
1	well , continuation of the human race , that 'd be nice , but i would assume that you 're a vhemt ( http www vhemt org ) member and probably think the human race should die off , which is kinda silly
1	this guardian article talks about a few cases http www guardian co uk world <> jun <> america pregnant women murder charges in most of them it seems like the women allegedly used drugs while pregnant , which may have caused the miscarriage does n't make it any less fucked up though
5	sheesh , he 's not suggesting that reproducing should stop entirely , he just says that it should n't be a huge thing that everyone in the entire world hopes to do if everyone has multiple babies , we 're gonna die off more than likely faster than if we did n't reproduce at all
1	like i said bullshit ( http le utah gov <> htmdoc hbillhtm hb0012 htm )
6	a charcot and wound post on the front page of science ? ? ? who 's letting the podiatrists in ?
1	dense cloud of neutrinos temporal change of location of center of mass of solar system and so on either chipney had a stroke or this is some kind of joke i do n't understand
6	! ! ! http www physorg com news64 html http www physorg com news108836759 html apparently , for people , who do n't know about these anomalies , my posts will sound like some black magic this is the reason , why most of redditrolls are considering me a troll and this misunderstanding cannot be corrected , until they fill up their education
1	i think the chinese are pragmatic on this issue if it blows out to sea with the prevailing winds not much of a problem the problem is with the stagnation over populated areas the acid rain is secondary to the health problems suffered by the people though that is the reason the plants will be cleaned up
5	this is a publication coming out from pnas guys it 's a very strong signal that it 's legit , since it 's one of the <> leading flagship journals in the sciences i hate climate change denialism just as much as any other scientist , but we must respect the facts yes , anthropogenic global warming does exist , but other anthropogenic influences can also exist in fact , there was a brief period of global cooling in the <> due to all the sulfur by the heavy pollution in those years that all being said , this could be a temporary effect as china really does want to reduce all the health problems from all its sulfur and then we 'll see a period of accelerated warming unless we practice geoengineering or mitigation in some other way ( i'm quite pessimistic about the prospects of real co2 mitigation )
1	i tell you why because climatology is not really a science and these guys know shit about predicting anything they have their models which are far from working and much more far from be proven to work ( like <> centuries )
2	how is this possible ? alarmists have repeatedly informed me there has been no stop or slowing in warming , that the models have been completely accurate and that i'm retarded for thinking otherwise
6	i trought it was global cooling now its warming and cooling again ?
4	and so we mitigate so2 in the mid <> 's and the level decreases sharply by the end of the century global warming goes up sharply china pours out so2 and the temperatures level off hmmmm
4	yes , this is why some have suggested purposely putting so2 into the atmosphere , because it makes light colored particles that block some of the sunlight the problem is , it also makes acid rain , which is why the european nations were so keen to scrub it out of their smokestacks back in the <> and <> you used to see pictures all the time of european outdoor marble statues and building facades melting away bit by bit you do n't see that happening any more ! also , forests downwind of coal plants were dying because of the acidity of the rain china does n't have much marble sculpture , i do n't think , but they do have forests and farmland susceptible to acid rain , so i expect they 'll be trying to clean that stuff up soon they probably already have laws on the books , they just need to execute a few scofflaws to keep it real
4	my degree is in physics thanks to butch123 i am reminded of the platinum iridium meter prototypes ( http en wikipedia org wiki international prototype meter ) , which are <> platinum while these are interesting artifacts , they have never been important in understanding physics , and since <> their purpose has been supplanted by a more reliable measurement ( http en wikipedia org wiki metre standard wavelength of krypton <> emission )
1	you are not answering his question by such a response it does not help your position to appear unresponsive to a legitimate question your post refers to a number of things , lumped together , that most have not bothered to look into the iridium prototype i take it is referring to this the iridium standard meter rod will also have to become longer after some time the expansion of the universe does not have an apparent effect on the cooling properties of so2 the sun recently is pulled away from the barycenter of the solar system normally by the gravity of the gas giants their positions show an almost regular convergence which determines the distance the sun is pulled away from the solar system center this quiet period comes after a number of solar cycles that have built over the past half century the sun is now not pulled away from the center of the system and does not have as many sunspots generated and the reversal of the polarity of the sunspots has been changed as of now most sunspots show a unipolar nature this has not been observed before evidence of the start of the next solar cycle should have already occurred at the high latitudes of the sun no evidence of the next cycle of the sun is present we are in uncharted territory , the last time this happened was in the minimums of <> <> years ago magnetic lines of force inside the sun are not intense and as twisted as a normal cycle solar physicists are constantly discarding theory as it proves to be incorrect
5	the curiosity lander ( http www wired co uk magazine archive <> <> features rover returns ) , via wired sorry , it is a slideshow , but it 's only <> images long and it 's relatively non intrusive ( and decently high res ) edit here 's the slideshow , minus the slideshow first image ( http i imgur com rff0y jpg ) the three metre , <> <> rover is powered by a radioisotope generator the decay of <> <> of plutonium dioxide will provide a steady source of heat , used to produce onboard electricity this means the rover can continue its mission at night , unlike earlier solar powered craft , whose panels could be obscured by martian dust second image ( http i imgur com gc2rj jpg ) spacecraft built in the jet propulsion lab at pasadena have observed the moon , venus , mars , i jupiter , saturn and the outer solar system here , technicians work on the mars science laboratory s flight system in a clean room two thousand technicians and scientists have worked on the project over the past six years fourth image ( http i imgur com axiha jpg ) earlier rovers bounced on to the surface of mars using air bags curiosity is too heavy for that , so will use a jet backpack for the final part of its descent as the retro rockets control the landing speed , the descent stage will unspool tethers to lower the rover s wheels on to the surface if it works , it will be spectacular , says grotzinger fifth image ( http i imgur com bxqfq jpg ) errin dalshaug , left , and <> brett kennedy , of jpl , prepare to assess vibration in a test model of the robotic arm it will wield a drill , a magnifying lens camera , an element identifying spectrometer and a rock brush this arm is strong , says kennedy , but still needs to move accurately enough to drop an aspirin into a thimble sixth image ( http i imgur com x16cp jpg ) the backshell forms the top portion of the capsule that will enclose the rover and descent stage to protect them from the heat of falling through the upper atmosphere of mars at supersonic speed the bottom portion the heatshield proper will be joined to the backshell at kennedy space center , florida , ahead of launch i skipped the <> image , which was just of an employee in a clean suit
4	thank you for this the msl is a stunning bit of tech and it will most likely cover hundreds of kilometres in its <> year life span i ca n't wait to follow its discoveries but i am hoping against hope that it does not find extant life or evidence of fossil life why ? because the great filter ( http en wikipedia org wiki great filter ) is why
4	i advise anyone who reads the article to carry on reading into the comments , there 's interesting responses from ben goldacre and others there
4	precisely which environmental factors are we talking about ? so far , few of the titles on the subject mention the most crucial detail about what they mean by environment it 's stuff like that which gives the anti vaccination types a crack to gain a foothold personally , as someone who buys into evolutionary psychology , i think its about time we took the in utero approach to a lot of why our traits vary so widely
1	dammit bones what environmental factors ? ? ?
1	actually i was talking to the people who are " creeped out " , have smelled of their naval " gunk " , and the " clean your belly buttons " people just because it is there doesnt mean it is dangerous to us !
4	immediately upon reading this i picked the gunk out of my belly button and smelled it ( for science ) i can confidently say that my qualitative olfaction data does correspond with this article 's conclusion there is some seriously funky stuff growing down there
4	sounds like the kind of research that 's likely to win an ignobel prize first makes you laugh , then makes you think
1	clean your damn belly buttons people !
8	dont be idiots your body is normally the host of thousands of different bacteria most of it needed for good health its good for you just because " science " doesnt know about them doesnt mean they are bad for you they might be needed for your good health
3	ok , i'm officially creeped out gonna go wash out by belly button right now
4	has to be done , for science !
5	do n't jump to any conclusions yet , the data is still pretty fuzzy
3	and thus zombies !
4	good news , so by the time i 'll be <> it 'll be <> , hopefully they 'll have fixed the " potential bleeding " problem by then
5	i get why tons of reposts are bad , but what about people like me who dont scour the subreddits day and night ? i never saw that post and im happy this guy reposted it
4	this was interesting a week ago when it was first posted here http www reddit com r science comments idc4s drug reverses accelerated aging in human cells
8	yes , it does your cells deteriorate over the course of your life , and progressively lose their form and function your dna accumulates defects over time as well , both naturally and due to environmental hazards old age can lead to cancer , and in those cases you might say the person died of cancer , but the ultimate cause was old age
8	there are a few problems with that reasoning firstly people who predicted things like flying cars did it because the idea seemed cool , it was more for entertainment ( most notably back to the future and blade runner are fictional movies , but heaps of magazines did it to sell copies ) they did n't go out and conduct studies of aircraft engine developments and fuel efficiency over time to work out at what point it would be feasible to use them in a car they just said ' antigravity ' which was n't much more descriptive than ' magic ' and left it at that the other problem is they did n't factor in things like the actual usefulness demand feasibility economics if you get a fender bender in a flying car , your dead and so is anyone underneath you flying is much harder that driving , you would need total computer control would flying cars really help cut down short distance commutes when you have to take off and land ( even with some kind of vtol ) ? for longer distances flying cars are n't so useful as the roads are unlikely to be in much use and there are also airplanes what about the noise ? , all the technologies we have to keep a car up need to exert a downwards force on the air to counteract gravity , imagine a thousand jet planes flying past your office window all that air would need to be displaced so it 's going to be very windy below , you will be pushing on any cars underneath you too how exactly do you accelerate and turn without any friction ? superconducting magnets could allow for basically ' antigravity ' style cars which would get rid of noise air displacement but do n't help with that they actually did get quite a few predictions right too i have seem older predictions of the future for things like an ' atomic cookers ' ( we have the microwave oven without the radiation poison ) refrigeration people never think about the stuff that was gotten right if even <> of the singularity type stuff happens it 's going to involve some major changes if things do n't happen that that will be just as disruptive for example computers would have to stop getting faster cheaper energy efficient which would cause lots of the it industry to collapse how would google support growth if the harddrives do n't keep increasing in size their data centers would require dedicated nuclear power plants finally people now days are much better at predicting the future there are more scientific methods used there is more data and you can see what the past predictions got wrong and why there are people who actually have the job title of futurists
2	if anything you said was remotely true , children would still act like two year olds when they aged out of daycare your mind will age , regardless of who you hang out with
1	shit 's expensive as hell , we need to drop the price on this stuff !
1	fuck that the racist , back asswards stupid geezers need to die so that new generations can move civilization forward
5	too bad the drug causes cancer ( http en wikipedia org wiki sirolimus risk due to immunosuppression ) also it 's used to treat cancer go figure also the knock off non brandname version costs <> a day for <> ( i do n't know what dosage would be used for extending life spans in humans )
5	sorry , you 're wrong please do some research on the coming collapse and educate yourself
2	unfortunately there are just as many asshats when you look at other age groups it 's not age that is the problem , it 's stupidity
2	would you , seriously , want to retire at <> and spend the next <> years sitting on your ass doing nothing constructive ? i 'd just keep looking around until i found a field i enjoyed working in
4	everybody is different , but most people find that being perpetually unemployed ( such as in retirement ) , eventually , becomes extremely boring if you are n't careful , it can lead to depression and or morbid obesity without realizing it
2	to each their own i always find things i enjoy i do n't need to be productive to have fun or enjoyment my grandpa has been retired for <> years and he always finds things to do he always mentions how 'at least i'm not working ' i just ca n't understand how someone can enjoy working
2	oh i thought you were being literal yes , i have seen the movie i have a set of nike power laces on pre order for jan <> <>
5	i agree that the aeroplane analogy is terrible more complicated than an aeroplane ? does anybody not think that plants are more complicated than aeroplanes ?
1	cool article , but the analogy in that quote is broken if there are <> different types of airplanes well the design complications do n't extend beyond the number <> in the article , the quote says " the interactions of <> million aeroplanes of <> different types " this actually makes no sense at all it 's just a terrible analogy
1	more complicated than <> million aeroplanes ! ! !
1	hell using the word " design " is terrible plants are n't sentient as far as we can tell they ca n't make choices they ca n't make decisions
5	sounds like a disease to me as time goes on you become more frail , become more susceptible to diseases , lose mobility in limbs and your mind begins to decay it 's a pretty horrific disease
8	yes , because we are progressing very rapidly in space exploration right now republicans now will keep cutting the space budget so they can get the taxes removed from their bio cores that keep them alive
1	so said nathan shock , bernard strehler , benjamin frank , johan bjorksten , roy walford where are they now ? all dead http chronopause com index php <> <> <> going going gone
1	i 'll already be old ! i wanna hear about age reversal , yeah ?
4	great ! now how about those suicide booths ?
5	first we already have too many bunnies and not enough lettuce , second i do n't want the world run by trillionare immortal psychopaths this poses a quandary
5	i thought that global warming will kill us in <> years
8	great , that means i almost certainly have <> years of life left
4	i had a good laugh at this cheers
6	the universe is a big place , we 'd be fine as immortals
7	i know this is just an anecdote , but my grandfather ate eggs every morning for breakfast for decades and lived to be <> despite smoking until he was in his fifties
2	of course top gear does n't actually think that hence " disingenuous " the problem is when people cite this comparison as though it makes any sense at all in practical terms then , suddenly , a humorous take on measuring car performance numbers becomes really not funny at all
2	only a fool would predict the future so optimistically
1	why do we want cars to not run on petrol ? unless we have enough clean electricity to power <> of people 's vehicles its kind of moot you 're just moving that pollution out of town to a coal plant somewhere plus power plants are generally only around <> thermal efficient , then you have transmission line losses , then you have battery charger losses then at the very end you have the actually efficiency of the battery not to mention the coal mining process on the other hand you could pump fuel out of the ground , refine it , and then put it on trucks and then into your vehicle which can very easily be at <> efficiency not saying this is better , but i do n't think it can be that much worse
4	i find myself more optimistic about the electric vehicle 's prospects i think if we can improve battery life enough to drive <> miles , plus create a " refueling " scenario that takes under <> minutes , then we have a winner i have strong hopes that , in our lifetimes , gasoline and diesel powered vehicles will be relegated to collector status only aircraft , on the other hand , are so sensitive to weight that battery technology ( as we understand it ) may never really apply
2	i do n't care about those folks , i want something for me , and the average driver http www teslamotors com models specs <> miles available in <> you 're welcome was in response to " a typical gas car " not a high end performance car
4	sure the cars themselves will become zero emission units , however , the coal burning power plant producing the electricity will be belching nasty emissions at unprecedented rates the problem with this tiresome argument is that it looks at " upstream " emissions of electric cars , but not at upstream emissions of gasoline the amount of energy ( largely electricity ) it takes to refine one gallon of gasoline could move an ev about <> miles also the energy used to truck gasoline to thousands of service stations handily exceeds the equivalent for evs charging via wire ( <> to <> efficient ) so you 're essentially driving an ev already you 're just burning lots of gasoline at the same time oh , and all those old coal plants are baseload ( coal plants adjust too slowly to follow power demand ) baseload means they already run at full output all the time so unless we build more of them , plugging in evs does n't change coal pollution it sure does change petroleum pollution , though
2	please do n't quote the " top gear " argument against electric cars because it is exceptionally narrowminded and foolish for example , moving all the pollution to one site is a better thing we can control filter and or capture the pollution at one site , and future advancements may be able to help reduce the pollution at one site it would be inefficient , expensive and harder to get everyone with a gas car to fit new filters on to do a similar capture filter job or consider a future where nuclear fission and renewables are in abundance cars still burning gas ? still polluting , but cars on electric ? nothing ever changed for them and the energy is cleaner and safer to produce you are building for the future , not today the future that if <> , <> or <> years away when these cars will still be running in <> , <> or <> years , our countries could be running so much more power plants on renewable or nuclear power then the payoff of electric cars really kicks in
4	if you had even read what was already written in this thread , you 'd notice i already hit that point edit if the m3 was leading , it probably would have lapped the prius more than once
5	sorry , bad habit on my part thanks to a primary language that do not use ' , the difference between the two slip by me
2	i do n't think it 's legal in the us after all sulphur is deamon related
4	interesting i did not realise they were that far along have this kind of system also would be good for the environment as all the battery packs are managed by a third party they wo n't just end up in land fills when used up
1	well that 's shitty even if you walled the battery compartment off thick and bought your passengers at least a few minutes to get out of the car , every car accident would almost invariably leading to cars getting totaled via battery fire , multi car pileups could turn into local incidents fairly easily , roads would be damaged compounding this is the fact that li fires produce lioh , naoh , and koh as a by product of the reaction , all of which are highly caustic materials and are quite literally sprayed a few feet around the fire violently really it seems that the only way we 're going to get lithium battery cars is if we all start spending a lot of money on copper metal extinguishers
3	die in a battery fire , you fear mongering ass
4	i smell a business opportunity
4	yes , but is n't the idea behind battery advances to get everybody off of petrol ? if the threshold for acceptance is " everyone " , then we 're going to have to wait a while i'm quite happy with every advance getting more people off of petrol
4	i 'd be more than happy with a pure electric with a range of <> miles i 'd simply keep my <> year old , dirt cheap to insure jeep cherokee around for the few times a year i need it , and use the electric as an in town runabout for the <> of my needs it meets
4	good page shows how important it is to take large sources of energy very seriously so yes , much safer , but you cannot make something powerful enough to move a car around completely safe of course , a short circuited battery , any battery , will generate a lot of heat , which will lead to anything flammable around it catching fire however , you 'll notice from the picture there that the battery itself , while badly burned on one end , is still mostly intact it did not explode the way a compromised li co battery , or a compromised gasoline tank would this is what makes it a much safer technology
2	your ' joke ' contained misinformation fox news is a ' joke ' too , but still calls for rebuttal , since too many take these ' jokes ' seriously
4	i'm really glad to see that come to a conclusion both of you provided evidence for your side , while keeping the childish insults minimal well played , we should see more of these on reddit
4	i think he was referring to the fact the article came across as saying lithium batteries could n't power cars at all , which is incorrect what it should have said was that the technology could produce lithium batteries that would work better and be more powerful for cars
4	actually many cancers are very curable , the problem is people think of cancer as a singular illness when it is in fact a grouping of hundreds of different diseases there is no cure for cancer , just like there is no cure for bacterial infection as a whole each variation requires a different treatment and some are more effective than others
5	well , it takes ten years or more to turn promising research into treatments if you expect that process to happen over the weekend ( because let 's be honest , you do n't actually remember cancer research breakthroughs that were mentioned on reddit before last weekend ) , of course you will be disappointed
2	a perfect battery wo n't solve anything electric cars need electricity electricity has to be generated currently , and with few exceptions , it is generated by burning oil or coal we do n't have enough energy of any sort left to make a transition to solar , wind , fill in the blank with your favorite plants and infrastructure unless everyone in the " developed " world cuts their energy use very dramatically
4	every " breakthrough " science post reading title awesome ! this changes everything ! reading the comments sniffle sniffle oh well maybe next year sniffle
4	no idea what any of that mumble jumbo means , but , good
1	who the fuck would downvote this ? how could anyone see this as bad ?
5	too bad these technologies are owned by a <> different companies combine them into one product , and you 'd change the world , but that 's illegal
6	electric cars ? ? ? what about my smartphone ?
2	awwww how i love " could , would , should , might " kind of news cancer and aids would be cured , we would be flying cars amazing life we 'd be having if half of them actually came true i'm basically saying that could would should might news should be better kept of from being posted , because they 're almost always a false hope and a waste of time for readers
2	lol , i always thought the lyric was " have you ever seen the rain , comin ' down , in such a state ? "
2	have you ever been mellow ?
5	ow meme crossing brain breakage that 's like crossing the beams in ghostbusters and yes , i realize i just made it worse for myself with that thought
8	in theory , they want the freedom in practice , they live normal lives consisting of a predictable daily commute and for that once or twice per year , rent an ice car and drive to the beach or grandma 's or whatever
5	the sad part is , they all do honda , toyota , ford , chevy , even subaru they just do n't sell them in the us because ca emissions is so heavily biased against diesel
4	great , so you have a crappy car you ca n't justify replacing ) i just found that the jetta , in <> little ways , was a poorly thought out , noisy vehicle that ( for me ) died way too soon to justify its considerable premium in up front cost
4	agreed but yeoldjim was basically saying " who cares ? " about battery advances , because the current models have " plenty " of distance
2	thanks for your input crazy homeless moron
2	no kidding every wreck becomes a hazmat scene that makes sponging up some spilled gas look like nothing
4	thanks for that yeah , definitely looks pretty sketchy they claim a test flight is supposed to occur on oct <> of this year , but judging by their history it seems doubtful this will actually happen still , i 'll make a note on my calendar just in case , remind myself to follow up on it then
4	i do n't agree that the prius looks like shit ( though i do not own one ) , and generalizing the prius owner base like that is silly we do n't all think those sports cars or big suv 's are pretty , some of us consider functionality to be the most important , such as a quiet car that burns little fuel
6	how can it be your favorite thing if it 's never happened ?
4	e paper was a big one for me i read the scientific articles and a few years later i had a kindle go scientific process !
4	there have been breakthroughs in this area too but have n't been used in consumer applications yet but i mean , cars like the nissan leaf charge up to <> capacity in <> minutes still not even close to as fast as gas but , the battery technology is constantly moving forward i imagine it wo n't be too many more years when getting an <> charge takes as little as <> minutes , and with increased battery capacity from breakthroughs like this , that <> minute <> charge could be <> miles worth interstate travel would be feasible , these cars would be quite a bit more reliable than gas cars and cheaper to drive , there will be a mass exodus to electric cars and i will be happy , because there will be more gasoline for me <> well until they start making really cool electric performance cars
5	you can if you connect them to hvac lines it would be a nightmare for the controllers though , having to deal with current spikes
4	have you ever seen a lithium battery on fire ? glad i could help
2	touch ) but the efficiency of power plants vs car engines is not even a contest takes more energy to move a car using the engine and that 's not even considering the heavier weight of the engine in addition , power plant emissions are cleaner so it 's dirty , just not as dirty regardless , greener sources of energy are growing in proportion so your car gets powered more and more by hydro , wind , and solar
4	or you could buy a cheaper car ( <> ) and then you 'd own a cheaper car you do n't buy a tesla to save money they 're quite feasible for their ( high end ) market
8	dude , the wealthy drive technological innovation
4	many people are happy to blow similar amounts of money on performance cars that they drive around ordinarily , never even utilizing the available performance they might as well spend that money on something like this that will push the industry in a more productive direction
4	it 's been at least a month since i 've read about another breakthrough battery technology
5	it 's sorry the grammar nazi in me is screaming
8	it 's never too early to crush a dream
4	yes they have even though the material maintains a high specific capacity over <> cycles , wang and co say the capacity drops by <> per cent in the process
4	yup exactly this the battery industry is pretty secretive the article makes it sound like the cells may not have a high cycle life , and the issue of reacting with electrolytes could be an issue that is neglecting the problem of economical graphene production if anything , it will be an incremental improvement in cells that few will notice
4	what is this " everything else ? " i have n't driven more than <> miles in a day in probably <> years
2	so i then end up with a rack of batteries that have been abused by some redneck " maker 's " attempt a creating a quick charger ? no thanks
2	while this is interesting , it took me some time to sound out most of the title
4	yay ! <> years from now as i'm still stuck driving my gas guzzling beast i 'll remember this momentous occasion
2	there 's a reason i have n't renewed my subscription to technology review i got tired of reading feel good bullshit articles like this one fta " if it all works out ( and that 's a significant ' if ' ) your next car could be powered by li s batteries "
5	unfortunately it 's also terrible at cornering
1	no i'm talking record breaking drag times why is n't there an electric car that can hit <> mph in under <> seconds ? they certainly have not " buried the ice " when it comes to drag racing
5	i did n't imply that you had n't , merely that most people do n't rent a convertible for a short <> hour trip i certainly could n't afford to do so
2	i disagree loads of people want to be able to drive more than <> miles sometimes not daily people need to visit family , friends , take vacations , camping trips , visit prospective campuses , etc , and most just like having the ability to travel , the freedom be angry or hate it or whatever you want , it simply is the case
1	because some people care about family ? god damn man , are you stupid ?
6	funny enough , not one you often see
5	of course , sandia and the manufacturers want to prevent all possible dangers but , orendorff asserts , consumers forget that no car is completely hazard proof lithium ion batteries may have a higher chance of igniting than , say , standard lead acid batteries , but the chances of flammability are far less than what you have in a combustion vehicle that is carrying <> gallons of gasoline onboard ( http www scientificamerican com article cfm ? id charge under control ) please do n't fall into a nirvana argument trap the chance of lithium ion batteries catching fire in a collision is far less then the chance of gasoline igniting
5	like tears
2	yeah it 's no fun it 's annoying that a123 got tons of federal money to open a battery plant here in the states , and yet the only way for consumers to get their batteries is off the asian gray market i 've found asian companies are usually willing sell in much smaller quantities straight out the factory even if they state moq at like <> , <> units
4	great blade runner reference
1	have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight ?
4	i agree with the sentiment , but not so much the context you 've used it you 're essentially saying that renewables and fission are not our future sources for energy ? and switching to renewables and fission will not happen within <> years ?
1	well of course a leaf will be more efficient than an m3 , the leaf does n't use any petrol at all !
1	which is useful , but then most electric cars can only hold about <> miles of that energy , and the price of the " tank " is astronomically higher however , the price of fuel is astronomically lower ( a gallon of gas , on a hybrid , good for about <> miles , is <> where i live <> kilowatt hours , which should get at least that if not double , will come out to <> <> <> <> , depending on time of day ( electricity is nearly half price at night ) ) as such , the day someone makes a battery that gets decent charge cycles on a total range of at least <> miles , the internal combustion engine is straight up fucked however , until then , we 're stuck with them
1	oil is too expensive to make electricity less than <> of electricity is currently made that way coal is about half the electricity on the grid the rest of what 's on the grid is cleaner stuff the good news here is that coal plants are baseload this means they already run at full output all the time you ca n't make them run any faster by plugging in evs so coal pollution should n't appreciably change , while petroleum pollution heads towards zero
4	they can use gas too , just like the volt it 's going to be long , long time before there are electric cars capable of <> day road trips in the meantime while research continues to be done , while infrastructure is improved there is a perfectly reasonable fallback the real goal right now is to make an electric car in which the battery charge can fully cover your daily commute that alone would reduce oil usage by cars in this country by <>
2	i 've got it in my head that the average us commuter drives <> <> miles per day we need to convince most of those folks ( myself included ) to switch to electric the problem is that not many can afford to have a car that only commutes and a car to do everything else especially using battery technology that degrades horribly with charge cycles and will be expensive to replace so unless reducing costs makes the car cost as much as a nice bicycle , you are better off buying a dinosaur burning global warmer
4	which is useful , but then most electric cars can only hold about <> miles of that energy , and the price of the " tank " is astronomically higher uh , what ? " most " electric cars have about a <> mile range and they will probably all settle on about that range because more range than that is simply not worth it consumers will buy a car with the range they need , and <> miles is the most the vast majority needs in fact , most need less than that , but <> miles seems to be the sweet spot which is why that 's what they 're settling on some manufacturers might end up with tiered options like the model s , but when consumers are given a choice between a reasonably priced base model with <> mile range , and an upgraded model which costs an extra <> grand for <> or <> miles , they 'll get the base model , because you really do not need more than <> miles worth of range , and on the rare occasion that you do , you 'll charge mid drive or figure out some other way of dealing with it can you show me a single all electric car on the market or planned to come out in the next year or two which holds <> miles worth of range ? the only one is the volt , and it 's not all electric even the ev1 got <> <> miles , and that was on lead acid , which nobody in the world is going to use now as such , the day someone makes a battery that gets decent charge cycles on a total range of at least <> miles , the internal combustion engine is straight up fucked the tesla gets <> miles on a charge , the model s will get <> for the base model i know a guy who has had an electric car for two years and has over <> miles on it , and his gets <> to a charge , and after <> charge cycles including many in brutal winter cold , his battery still works just fine and today 's electric cars , just a couple years later , have much better heat management which should make batteries last a lot longer the only reason the internal combustion engine is n't fucked right now is because people do n't realize that they can , currently , live with an electric car it takes a tiny bit of adjustment , but this adjustment is by no means all negative for example , i have never had to stop at a gas station in my electric car , it 's just magically full every morning when i wake up
4	i think we do n't need to give up freedom or utility either the technology or infrastructure just needs to progress we 're gettin ' closer all the time it 's an exciting time i ca n't wait to ditch the ice forever
2	u s pricing for the tesla model s ( with a <> mile range ) will start at <> , <> after a <> , <> federal tax credit the <> mile range variant will cost an additional <> , <> , while the <> mile range variant will cost an extra <> , <> final pricing figures will be announced this summer that 's <> , <> for <> mile range or you could buy a cheaper car ( <> ) and spend <> on gas , and pocket the other thirty thousand dollars they 're not available feasible for the common driver
4	right , i suppose my comment was misleading i was just trying to point out that graphene hidden amongst graphite does exist naturally
4	interesting , any other examples ? specifically , i am interested if any of the more complex stuff has leaked into the consumer market behind my back a quick google reveals that tio2 is a naturally occurring compound
6	this should push the thunderbolt to six whole hours !
4	that 's sweet
2	uncleal 's comment this is not snit
5	what annoys me about this is that even if this proves to be the best idea ever , we 'll have to wait at least like five years for it to be implemented in anything
4	why are all these article the same ? they are always in <> parts start ) breakthrough ! ! <> ! middle ) much work ahead end ) if they are lucky
7	finally , some progress
4	the lithium in a battery is as harmless as the sodium in table salt interesting
3	li co is more dangerous , but i 've still seen lifepo4 and li mn fires
6	that was shocking
2	considering the amount of gasoline in use every day it would appear to be extremely safe i guess when there 's as many lithium battery cars driving around as there are gas powered cars we 'll have some idea of relative safety keeping in mind my original post was a joke
1	so , once again reddit has no sense of humor okay , i 'll respond as if this was a serious post have you ever seen gasoline explode ? yes , i have gasoline is designed to be stable and burn at a relatively low temperature to make it explode requires a very specific set of conditions that very seldom occur during a automobile collision not to mention gasoline fires are relatively easy to extinguish by trained fire crews gasoline burns at <> degrees c lithium at <> , <> degrees c a nice little story http findarticles com p articles mi m0ubt is <> <> ai n6280925 my favorite part " the pallet was inadvertently dropped onto the tarmac , and a battery fire resulted , despite there being no external ignition source " we already deal with inherent dangers in our vehicles , a burning battery is n't much worse sorry , but bullshit
1	that is an examle of your favorite thing inductive chargers suck ass
7	damn , that 's awesome is that in production at all ? how much does it cost ? could n't find any pricing on the website
1	thank you for wasting my time
2	i literally ca n't respect any post that says gr phene
2	nonsense our energy use is not the issue at all we ( the world collectively ) use a tiny fraction of the energy available to us what we need to do is improve our methods of extracting that energy into usable forms cutting energy use is not going to promote this only energy scarcity will do that
1	well , if anyone will get off their ass and figure it out , it 's the semiconductor people but i suspect we 'll need stuff like this for batteries on a shorter timescale than <> years from now
2	at <> g or <> kg ( http www cheaptubesinc com graphene oxide htm ) its even more expensive than printer ink not sure there is anything more expensive
1	you 're wasting your own time , do n't blame me edit get to work
4	nice
1	oh im not the one that gives a shit
1	hello ! ! ! the original post was a joke is this thing on ? hello !
4	this is very much correct cogman10 other consumer products that use nano particles include things like thermalpaste ( ie arctic silver <> ) which uses nano silver nano silver is also used as an anti bacterial coating on medical instruments , etc
1	no
1	your post is full of terrible grammar and spelling
1	i think a lot of people would find it less annoying if the person actually replied to the content of their comment and not just their mistake they can still slip in the correction at the end but it sucks to see you have a reply and it just turns out to be a " ftfy " grammar comment
1	i do n't think it 's about helping people learn the rules it 's about encouraging people to use them in this forum as i sed n mi pervius cawmint ' its bout perventing dis
3	zing ! obama
1	because it fucks up the weight balance is one reason even the tesla roadster is absolutely terrible at cornering , especially compared to the lotus elise it 's based on hopefully as new vehicles are built around the technology , such as the citroen survolt , that problem will be worked out
5	modern battery chemistrie s are relatively non toxic ( e g nimh and li ion ) quote from nema http www nema org gov ehs committees drybat " spent consumer lithium batteries are not hazardous wastes because they are neither toxic nor reactive consumers routinely dispose of these batteries commingled with other garbage in the municipal solid waste stream spent consumer lithium batteries disposed in this manner do not pose environmen tal or safety hazards thus , there is no need to require the collection and recycling of spent consumer lithium batteries for the purposes of environmen tal protection " sadly , the same cannot be said for petroleum products and coolant , all of which are indeed toxic
5	perhaps a very long term goal , but currently a pipe dream in the nearer term , getting any significant portion of vehicles off fossil fuel is beneficial , and arguably doable for some applications and in some areas , the properties of petroleum make it the obvious choice then you have to consider that china and india are building coal plants and opening coal mines at increasing rates the use of fossil fuels is going to linger for a long time we wo n't stop using them until we have to hard to say when that will occur
4	not sure why people are downvoting you you had a bad experience with your car , that would leave me reason to not be a fan of it i got <> banger engine that does n't appear to be dying too soon any problems have been small , even when they seemed catastrophic , and fortunately there are a lot of dedicated jetta owners posting on forums i google my problems , go to a forum , and often have a detailed step by step with pictures for something i would never have known how to fix vw right now is expensive , though on top of that i am someone that never intends to buy a brand new car , so i guess it works out differently for me as is , i would gladly purchase a new used jetta
2	i love how you talk about all the efficiency losses from power generation , and do n't say any of the same for gas if gas is so efficient , why do we not run our houses on gas power ? we all have cars , we could just run the car in the garage and connect it to the house , and power our house that way it would be way more efficient right ? ! except , no , that 's not how it works gas engines get something like <> efficiency , maximum and that 's from the gas already in the tank there are additional efficiency losses from extraction , refinement , and shipping , of course power plants also do not run at <> efficiency , that is a truly ridiculous number the whole point of generating in a plant is that you can get higher efficiency by using large , industrial generators rather than tiny gas engines you can also control emissions better at one smokestack than <> , <> tailpipes , and in addition having that pollution out of a city is a good thing , because it 's closer to less people the well to wheel efficiency of electric cars is tremendously greater than gas cars , even on <> coal but nearly nobody powers their house with <> coal , so your argument is basically nothing
2	yes for <> miles , max a typical gas car has a range of <> <> miles , with ubiquitous fill stations everywhere taking just <> minutes , not <> hours that 's one hell of a utility gap
6	wow , did n't expect this kind of heated response i apologize for breaking reddiquette however i do agree with the responses to this post i see correction posts constantly , and i feel like they help others learn written english how many of you wrote " definately " ? people typically do n't want to be ignorant , so i did n't see the harm in pointing him in the right direction
1	we must not allow a hope crushing comment gap !
7	that 's someone saying " here 's something that might work " this article is saying " hey , this works ! "
2	deamon ?
4	actually the jetta tdi is probably the most fuel efficient car ( excluding pure electrics ) when you consider embodied energy the prius is complex to manufacture since it has two drive trains , more or less a tdi can be tuned to get <> on the highway it 's mostly because diesels operate at a higher compression ratio and are inherently more efficient than otto cycle gasoline engines you can also use biodiesel in a tdi imho on efficiency renewability the best cars are nissan leaf if your driving pattern is short , routine , frequent commutes the leaf is built for the " standard los angeles commuter driving pattern " volkswagen jetta tdi if you need range or your driving pattern is infrequent , longer commutes you can use biofuels if you want and dispense with fossil petroleum entirely on cost the tdi wins
5	project better place already operates on this idea , but imo it will only work for fleet cars that can all run on a standard model since different car manufacturers use different batteries with different sizes ( getting everyone to agree on a standard battery is practically impossible ) see this recent link http green autoblog com <> <> <> better place to install <> battery swap stations in denmark by s aol comments
2	i 've done it my best memory was when my in town driving back and forth to work car was dull and not in great shape i rented a convertible to drive <> hours and back it was awesome you seriously do n't need to compromise the car you drive every day to allow for the occasional road trip obviously , if you 're a traveling salesman , the joke is on you
4	very cool i can imagine a car or battery manufacturer subleasing space at gas stations , malls , grocery stores , etc , to install swap stations and that other manufacturers will be compelled to standardize aaa could offer swap service , they send out a truck to you that can do the swap
4	you could call this ' fuel ' gasoline i kid , i kid
7	getting everyone to agree on a standard battery is practically impossible i'm looking at you gm !
5	as a happy tdi owner i approve this message , noting an exception on the use of biofuels in <> models the new clean diesel standards introduced more sensitive emission controls that do n't bode well to using biodiesel or waste veggie oil although there are some additives that say they help with biodiesel i'm still skeptical now
4	you and that site just got trolled obviously an m3 is n't as fuel efficient it 's top gear , for crying out loud
7	since graphene itself is so new this is truly a breakthrough as a result of another breakthrough sciiiience !
4	agreed i would buy a tdi type car if any other car maker built one but not vw hell no
5	it sounds like an electric car is just not going to work for you but someone in a different situation might like to own a virtually maintenance free car as a <> vehicle for the family , or as the daily commuter car , or a car for the kid that should make a lot of sense to people someday we might get everybody off gasoline , but that 's not going to happen anytime soon we need to take baby steps , and right now we 've almost just started to begin to crawl i do n't know where this idea that we 're going to switch everybody to electric is coming from , but it 's not from the electric car community i do n't think it 's going to be possible to wean everything off fossil fuel in my lifetime , some modes of transportation are just to energy intensive for any foreseeable battery technology to handle the only electric car you can really purchase today is the leaf , and it costs too much to fill one of those roles i mentioned above however , as a mass produced , mass marketed , name brand electric car that you can actually go out and buy ( almost ) , it is the first of it 's kind in the modern era so i would expect the costs to quickly come down once the car has competition in the marketplace
4	lithium battery fires are related to lithium cobalt batteries , not the types of batteries ( lithium manganese , or lithium iron ) commonly used in evs lithium cobalts are dangerous because they release their own oxygen while burning no other battery i know of does this a lithium iron battery can be punctured , and not only fail to ignite , but still go on producing current gasoline is designed to be stable and burn at a relatively low temperature to make it explode requires a very specific set of conditions same with battery vehicles except they are far , far less likely to burn or explode than a gasoline powered car gasoline burns at <> degrees c lithium at <> , <> degrees c there is no elemental lithium in ev batteries the lithium in a battery is as harmless as the sodium in table salt
4	it 's been at most a month since i 've read about another breakthrough battery technology
5	science is hard (
4	my favorite thing is to read about something in science and then read about it as a product several years later ( i lurked a long time before making an account ) in technology
2	i know people are cynical , but technologyreview is a serious source , and the amount of basic research being done is phenomenal people were mocking solar tech for a long time ( and still do ) , but we now have wholesale thin film cells for under <> <> per peak watt ( some say <> <> production cost ) , and joe sixpack can buy silicon panels for less than <> <> per watt , when a few years ago it was <> <> and a dollar was worth considerably more stuff like this is the future , even if you ca n't buy it right now
2	except that those long distances are still not long enough for mass consumer acceptance donno where they got the info about current capability though lithium based cells have a tendency to be damn impressive in that regard
4	http www teslamotors com models specs <> miles available in <> you 're welcome
1	yes upvote the guy who completely takes random statistics out of his ass
4	a lot of the time with emerging technology , the high end market will be targeted first the producers can get away with charging out the nose , giving them more money to play with and develop the technology further , eventually allowing them to create a product for the middle class while still making a profit the way i see it , the tesla and similar ev 's are not aimed at the average consumer , but should hopefully accrue enough global interest in the ev concept that more manufacturers and financial backers jump into the market , creating more competition , and hence better products at lower prices that is my hope anyway , and i am really excited about the future )
4	on average , can you agree that at the moment , the entire process of electric car vs petrol car is about the same in terms of energy efficiency ? it 's not electric cars have much higher well to wheel efficiency here 's one discussion on it , there are others elsewhere http en wikipedia org wiki tesla roadster energy efficiency everything else , of course , you 're right about
5	renewables and fission are not our future sources for energy they should be , but ahem little progress being genuinely made on that front in fact , we seem to be going backwards it reads to me a bit like a child saying " why ca n't everything be solar powered ! ? " and switching to renewables and fission will not happen within <> years ? i sense i may be a little older than you , but categorically no depressing , is n't it ?
8	i 'd love one ' cept i'm not a home owner i have no means to recharge it
2	not sure if i follow <> x <> <> , <> assuming you drove the same car for <> years ( many do not ) and spent <> on it ( average working class ) , you 're still <> , <> below the purchase price of a tesla , so you 'd still be losing <> , <> just by purchasing the car that 's not including the cost to recharge it for <> years and put a new battery in after <> ( which is very expensive ) have a <> car ? you 're still under <> have a <> car ? you 're still under <> if you 're spending <> on a car , you 're not the average driver
4	that 's awesome most of the country is n't you
1	to get off gas completely and rely upon electricity that predominantly comes from coal burning plants will simply move the pollution producing mechanism out of the end users sight sure the cars themselves will become zero emission units , however , the coal burning power plant producing the electricity will be belching nasty emissions at unprecedented rates presently , the single worst source of air pollution is coal burning power plants , http www ucsusa org clean energy coalvswind c01 html making all cars electric will simply transfer the pollution to somewhere the end user does n't see poof magic , pollution is gone , not so , unfortunately this is one very common effect at the science layman ( enduser ) interface the illusion of clean technology gets the layman geeked , however , the scientists know that these technologies do not necessarily reduce overall net pollution , and in most cases can increase the net pollution
4	sounds pretty darned good
2	i'm a big fan of the idea of the tdi i just refuse to buy vws since our jetta crapped out at <> , <> miles talk about inefficient this is an aspect of efficiency that is rarely considered how efficient would a prius be that only lasted , say , <> , <> miles before needing to be replaced ?
2	have you ever seen gasoline explode ? we already deal with inherent dangers in our vehicles , a burning battery is n't much worse
4	that 's another good one ! yeah !
1	are n't you a cunt
4	it would be perfect if the batteries were smaller the actual motor in an ev is tiny compared to a petrol engine , there 's usually little in the way of gears , no turbo , no exhaust or any of that stuff the space is all taken up by battery in the tesla it weighs <> plus , the battery gets hot when it discharges and needs a cooling system and that would make them more difficult to change i wonder if it would be possible to fill the battery with a liquid " fuel " that can be drained and recharged that would work nicely if the clever chemistry came about
2	such as replacing the battery every <> years ( by the way , that 'll be <> , <> ) tires ( yes still needed ) coolant ( yes the tesla has coolant ) brakes <> month for electricity there is n't as much maintenance , but there is still plenty of it , and some of it is very costly understand that i'm not against tesla , i wish i could have one , but , its a bit silly to think they 're saving us or ever will
4	thats awesome could you link some info on that ?
5	her vision of scientific american as a modern , fast , nimble and experimental media organization , too bad it 's no longer a great magazine about science by scientists , like it used to be it 's been suffering from various sorts of exotic " vision " for more than a decade
1	i 've heard the call for a " facebook for science " from all parts of the scientific spectrum ( academia , government , media , etc ) , but the problem is that all of the parts of that spectrum have different audiences without much functional overlap something like mendeley ( http www mendeley com ) does some of the things you describe , but is of little use to non scientists likewise , the direct benefits of interacting with the public is not obvious to the average researcher until there 's more common ground between the academic content business and the public content business , people will keep to their side of the aisle informaticians like johan bollen are working on some of the technical hurdles that have stymied such a merger in the past ( check out mesur ( http www mesur org mesur html ) , for example ) , but it 's also not clear that the public is willing able to participate at a level that would make such ventures meaningful
4	could you elaborate ? i'm a science phd student and rather enjoy the occasional sciam buy , but i 'd be eager to hear what has gone so amiss
4	it used to have more in depth articles , and some great columns ( amateur scientist , connections ) now it 's watered down and full of ridiculous ads or at least it was a few years back when i canceled my sub american scientist ( americanscientist org ) comes closest to what sci am used to be , imho
1	one promising idea , known as magnetic hyperthermia , involves injecting minuscule " nanoparticles , " basically microscopic lumps of iron oxide or other compounds , into tumors to make them magnetic the patient is put into a magnetic field that reverses direction thousands of times every second the magnetic nanoparticles are excited by the applied field and begin to get hot , heating and potentially destroying the surrounding cancer tissue because healthy tissue is not altered by the magnetic field , it does not heat up and is not damaged dunecat approves please proceed to humans tired of losing family to this shit
2	the problem has never been killing large tumor masses , especially those which can be reached via external injection shit , if you can inject the tumor full of iron oxide , why not skip the middle man and inject them with chemo drugs ? the real issue is and has always been specific binding , followed by early detection from a protein binding standpoint , cancer cells look very normal to your immune system they ( typically ) do n't have a red flag that says " hey iron particles , over here , bind to me , i'm cancer " then early detection is still a problem too most of the poor prognosis cancers present as non palpable , diffuse , hard to reach bastards which wo n't show up outside of a contrast catscan read by a really smart oncologist i'm not saying this is n't useful , just that it is n't the breakthrough needed to save your family what is needed is the method to specifically bind drugs nanoparticles poison to cancer cells
2	i call shenanigans next thing we know , magneto will show up and fling all of the cancer patients into the ocean
1	chemo drugs have nasty nasty side effects , these do not
2	this technology is n't anything new , something i'm actually working on at the moment the reason they use this method is because it actually makes chemotherapy more effective when used in conjunction with magnetic hyperthermia you do n't have to bind the particles to the cancer cells , they only need to be in the general region , which you can do with some sort of targeting , or in most cases , none is needed at all
1	it 's been " soon " for <> years
1	are you reading what i am typing ? what is coming soon ? until you can bind to cancer , this nano stuff is not clinically useful but , if you can bind to cancer , there 's a hundred easier drugs which you could attach to the binding molecule and use selectively treat the cancer this is like claiming you have the cure for world hunger and all you need to make it work is a helicopter to fly the food to every starving person on earth the problem is n't the food it 's getting it where it needs to go
8	and they seek revenge ( http i imgur com ocolp gif )
5	it 's the end of the world
5	til pigeons hold grudges and could pick someone out of a police lineup
4	great , now i wo n't be able to chase pigeons away anymore it 's not for any fear of repercussions , it just makes me sad to think that they would remember that i was the one who hurt them it humanizes them a bit (
2	that article looks an awful lot like blogspam to me
5	this does not bode well for me
8	we took care of a pigeon with a broken wing once he also had an injured foot that did n't really heal right after he was better he would hobble over to us not just at our house , where we fixed him up , but also when we were at the neighborhood park
1	i'm not a speciest , but they all look the same to me
4	i believe z3ddicus is currently winning at science
4	do you think that ants can identify specific humans ? or dragon flies ? or frogs ? where do you draw the line ? science will ultimately make the distinctions however , the cultural biases we carry in to animal experiments definitely affect how long it will take us to get the answers read up on some of the programs they use for biometric entry , and you can see that even when you can do perfect image analysis , it takes time and is n't accurate i actually worked in biometric algorithms for couple years making a program perform decently at visual id is hard , but a neural network capable of doing this is n't all that complex compared to the architectures found in even an ant 's brain i realize this is not really a fair comparison , as computer " neural " nets are n't really the same as biological neurons however , it does n't change the fact that even simple animals have decent computational capabilities but why would a pigeon need to be able to understand the way humans differentiate ourselves pigeons probably need to pay much more attention to humans , their differences and their intents , compared to the need of humans to attend to pigeons if there 's a motive to make a distinction , a functional brain will usually find a way to make it i 'd bet a seasoned field biologist would be pretty good at recognizing individuals of the animal species they study
1	holy crap man , the pigeons have won ! can we recognize pigeon faces ? no ! every single fucking pigeon looks the same to me
1	oh , shit , it 's on now , motherfucker
5	now i feel like i should apologize to the pigeons i yelled at today (
7	back in high school i was lucky enough to spend a year on an exchange program in austria we traveled a decent amount , and in that time my friend and i ( my friend especially ) grew to absolutely hate pigeons they 're like rats with wings , infesting everything where humans live , ruin old buildings , and are just a general nuisance at the end of the year we were staying in a hotel on one of our trips the morning we were leaving my friend ( with whom i was sharing a room ) was telling me about this crazy dream he had about pigeons the night before it did n't surprise me in the least , as he had a history of strange dreams talking in his sleep sleepwalking etc when we were just about ready to leave he all of a sudden stopped talking mid sentence i asked him what was up , and he told me that i needed to see something i go over to his side of the room , and there , lying on the floor of the hotel room , right where his suitcase had been since we woke up , was a dead pigeon camera phone picture of photo as proof ( http i imgur com gapoc jpg ) warning , dead bird ( no gore )
1	they know !
4	good thing i was in a car and sped away
8	so they 're already pissed off and then he calls them fat ? oh dear
4	this is the best comment
7	the birds are singing ! isnt it beatiful !
1	we must fight back !
4	i 've got a pair of european magpies living right outside my house i tend to give them food every now and then it 's pretty awesome because they 've begun to trust me , but only me ( even though the rest of the family lives in the house as well ) now every morning ( it varies from month to month ) they wake me up right outside my bedroom they wander around there and sing until i lift the blinds away from the window it sucks being waked up at <> or <> every morning , but ironically it 's my favorite animal on the other hand , some kids in the neighborhood tried to climb into their nest last year it did n't end well and now the magpies alarms the kids if they get too close to their nest if they get too close they get attacked i love it birds are amazing animals
1	if a pigeon mistreated me , i 'd remember it
1	fuck , now they 're going to come after you for insulting them
1	r science has been just a bunch of birdshit lately
2	i like my enemies to remember my face
1	yesterday i saw a seagull pounce on , kill , and eat a pigeon in front of hundreds of other pigeons whom could not have given a fuck
8	good news for mike tyson
5	i use to have " conference calls " on the roof of our work building and throw crunched up beer cans at pigeons until i found out they hold grudges
1	this is not good
2	i am not afraid of garbage incarnate
6	a comment retroactively stating the conclusions of a study are obvious amazing
2	i read that and wanted to punch that guy in the face humans have trouble recognizing humans of other races we 're hopelessly bad at telling apart any other animal
1	the pigeon lies !
4	crows get a bad rap of being the harbingers of death i agree with you and think crows are quite amazing
4	any reason to suggest this would go the other way ? as in , once pigeons recognize me as a delicious food source , will they flock to me and we can chillax together in the park ? i love pigeons
4	wow , imagine that birds that can fly their way home over hundreds of miles can also recognize threats amazing
1	you know what this means , right ? this means we need to get a highly trained and lethal bodyguard team to tom lehrer , stat ! ( relevant ( http www youtube com watch ? v yhumlpdnojy ) )
1	wonder if that counts for cars too those pigeons are just barely fast enough to get away from me in the parking garage i will run you over !
4	good
4	right in the crow study they had the same person wearing different masks this study does not isolate " face " as a variable , and leaves a number of other variables as possible determinants of the outcome ( scent , body appearance , gait , etc )
7	oh dear god
4	my pigeon molesting days are over
4	according to this ted talk , crows can too you should watch it , it 's very interesting crows are smarter than you think http www youtube com watch ? v nhmzbmuz6ve
1	shit
1	pidgeons hold grudges , barney !
1	future news mike tyson killed by some seriously pissed off pigeons
1	" he 's a pigeon , you idiot ! his memory 's admissible as evidence ! "
4	good
6	the birds ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	you mad because science confirms my penis is probably bigger than yours ? assuming you 're from the united states trollface
1	dirt in the air , from burning all that coal , lands on ice , making it darker to absorb more sunlight
1	i 'll take " experts who do n't know shit either way " for <> , alex wtf ? pollution is bad , not polluting is bad eta i worked on a software contract project for some epa stuff one time i was astounded at how lousy most of their models were that they draw conclusions from such crappy software boggles the mind
2	i'm not comfortable assuming corruption and malice where simple incompetence is a sufficient explanation
1	so in other words " take out all of the points that disprove our dogma " , then you have a case you 're projecting , because the situation is exactly the opposite the deniers who shout no warming in the decade since <> ! insist on excluding all data but the range <> <> their conclusion is comically sensitive to the starting year , and is reversed if you start in a different year etc it falls apart completely when you use a full century of data any analysis that 's so sensitive to using one specific starting ending year is simply bad
4	that 's accurate because it 's part of a warming trend and that trend remains strong even if you ignore <> entirely the specific claim of " no ( statistically significant ) warming since <> " is rhetorical trickery about a statistical anomaly which obscures the actual facts the situations are not comparable
3	are you a gigantic , evil lobbying group that pays millions to reuters to get them to say what we want ? no ? then you 're wrong , you dirty little peasant now thank me for clearing that up for you and keep fearing nuclear power
1	this is a terrible headline and a terribly organized story the reuters article claims a " halt " in global warming <> times and " cooling " <> times despite the fact that those phenomena are nothing more than statistical noise it eventually does mention that the entire phenomenon is statistical noise ( halfway through ) , but the purpose of this type of story is simply to catapult " halt in warming " and " cooling " as many times as possible
1	stop global warming ! burn more coal !
1	what the fuck , global temperature patterns ? !
1	there you have it , the solution to global warming burn more coal
1	this article bends over backwards to be the quotiest of the quoted for anyone with an agenda it literally reverses it 's own reported stance at least <> times they helpfully linked absolutely no source references or papers leaving it up to the reader to do research from square one on whatever they are trying to say total fucking garbage this is the kind of article that gets a legitimate downvote
2	i never actually read those they 're even less damning than you make them out to be the data did n't fit their specific model and one guy was dramatic about it and all the others disagreed worldnews !
1	only due to projecting temperatures northward for <> km when a more reasonable <> km projection is used the warmth drops when actual ship and plane measurements are used the warmth drops again large portions of africa where no stations exist were determined to have massive temperature increases c ' mon , quit the bullshit and post some graphs that do not hide the details in coarse linewidths and small resolution again ( http www woodfortrees org plot hadcrut3vgl from <> to <> every <> )
1	then i do n't think you 've been paying attention
1	i dunno , can you support the statement '33 more carbon will have no effect ' carbondioxyde reflects well in the ' thermal ' spectrum , ie inferred each molicule you put up increases thermal reflection by a precise amount total average sunlight reaching the ground ha gone down quite a lot in the last <> decades , but the ability of the atmosphere to retain the heat has gone way up as each carbondioxide molicule added cannot help but be itself and reflect the heat back thats the situation take the ' polutants ' out of our polution and this plannet will get a good deal warmer how fucked up is that ? we cant even just stop poluting with out wrecking the plannet , thats how far down this road we 've already gone
4	obviously ( jackieeeee ! )
4	link to article ( http wattsupwiththat files wordpress com <> <> pnas <> pdf ) of note is the conclusion ( emphasis mine ) the finding that the recent hiatus in warming is driven largely by natural factors does not contradict the hypothesis most of the observed increase in global average temperature since the mid <> century is very likely due to the observed increase in anthropogenic greenhouse gas concentrations ( <> ) as indicated in fig <> , anthropogenic activities that warm and cool the planet largely cancel after <> , which allows natural variables to play a more significant role the <> <> hiatus is not the first period in the instrumental temperature record when the effects of anthropogenic changes in greenhouse gases and sulfur emissions on radiative forcing largely cancel in sample simulations indicate that temperature does not rise between the <> s and <> s because the cooling effects of sulfur emissions rise slightly faster than the warming effect of greenhouse gases the post <> period of warming , which constitutes a significant portion of the increase in global surface temperature since the mid <> century , is driven by efforts to reduce air pollution in general and acid deposition in particular , which cause sulfur emissions to decline while the concentration of greenhouse gases continues to rise ( <> ) the results of this analysis indicate that observed temperature after <> is consistent with the current understanding of the relationship among global surface temperature , internal variability , and radiative forcing , which includes anthropogenic factors that have well known warming and cooling effects both of these effects , along with changes in natural variables must be examined explicitly by efforts to understand climate change and devise policy that complies with the objective of article <> of the <> united nations framework convention on climate change to stabilize greenhouse gas concentrations in the atmosphere at a level that would prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference in the climate system
1	i was going to give you the benefit of the doubt here , because i am skeptical by nature you and i share nothing in common you are either a paranoid fool or a cynical troll that article suggests one positive effect of global climate change by the way , i am sure there will be other pleasant changes alaska will likely have a longer growing season guess what ? that 's not skepticism about the reality of climate change can you even fucking read ?
2	in other words , that 's not debatable , it 's just wrong
1	dude , to find the truth you have to look at the outliers when someone is murdered , do you go talk to joe everybody , or do you talk to snidely whiplash ? qed
1	what do you mean " not warmed for more than a decade " ? it 's been a pretty consistent rise for the last decade from a somewhat famous email exchange ( truncated for readability ) you may be aware of this already paul hudson , bbcs reporter on climate change , on friday wrote that theres been no warming since <> , and that pacific oscillations will force cooling for the next <> <> years it is not outrageously biased in presentation as are other skeptics views email to the late dr stephen schneider , october <> , <> as we enter an el nino year and as soon , as the sunspots get over their temporary presumed vacation worth a few tenths of a watt per meter squared reduced forcing , there will likely be another dramatic upward spike like <> <> i heard someone mike schlesinger maybe ? ? was willing to bet alot of money on it happening in next <> years ? ? meanwhile the past <> years of global mean temperature trend stasis still saw what , <> of the warmest in reconstructed <> year record and greenland and the sea ice of the north in big retreat ? ? some of you observational folks probably do need to straighten this out as my student suggests below stephen schneider , october <> , <> the fact is that we ca n't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we ca n't kevin trenberth , october <> , <> at the risk of overload , here are some notes of mine on the recent lack of warming i look at this in two ways the first is to look at the difference between the observed and expected anthropogenic trend relative to the pdf for unforced variability the second is to remove enso , volcanoes and tsi variations from the observed data both methods show that what we are seeing is not unusual the second method leaves a significant warming over the past decade these sums complement kevin 's energy work kevin says " the fact is that we ca n't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we ca n't " i do not agree with this tom wigley , october <> , <> how come you do not agree with a statement that says we are no where close to knowing where energy is going or whether clouds are changing to make the planet brighter we are not close to balancing the energy budget the fact that we can not account for what is happening in the climate system makes any consideration of geoengineering quite hopeless as we will never be able to tell if it is successful or not ! it is a travesty ! kevin trenberth , october <> , <>
5	the global effect of pollution on our atmosphere is constantly studied by tons of scientists i do n't know much about climatology , but just basic reasoning and a quick google would indicate that pretty stupid to think there should be a <> <> correspondence between co2 and temperature first of all , i very much doubt the greenhouse effect is linear secondly , water vapor is by far the largest contributor to the greenhouse effect co2 is significant but only contributes <> <> hopefully that 's enough to help you see that you do n't know enough to form hypotheses in this area
1	scumbag hubble takes millionth pic , does n't show anyone
4	yes , that
7	over nine thousand science !
1	scumbag nasa article about hubble 's <> , <> , <> observation picture is of artist rendering
4	" hot jupiter ! " is now my favorite exclamatory phrase
6	my first planet outside our solar system i have seen wow
1	holy shit , i have nf <> it sucks
2	oh please , not again the thing with magnetic spintronics is that it only is more efficient the smaller it gets ( magnetic coupling only kicks to high efficiencies at small scales ) right now the dimensions of general electronics are not exactly there yet that 's nanoelectronics territory coming but not there yet but also the technology is not there yet right now spintronics gets used in disk drive head ( the reader ) but that 's very different from planar , photolithographic moore 's law following scalability but for microprocessors , logic , etc it 's still at least <> years out imo spintronics for that kind of application is sort of where germanium or silicon were in the <> in terms of semiconductor technology obviously could work and work well but definitely not ready and significantly no money available to work it ( just like during the great depression many of the ideas imagined in the <> regarding semiconductors did n't have the capital funding to be made a reality until the <> after wwii )
4	a good joke , but definitely not it could potentially wipe states or pseudo randomize them , but it would not 're boot ' a large portion of how a computer ( more specifically , an integrated circuit ) reboots has to do with moving charges basically , a combination of a resistor and a capacitor put between the power and ground rails give a slowly rising voltage this voltage is then set as the input to a switchable device ( like an inverter in cmos technology ) this allows one to create a logic signal ( which can then generate a pulse ) that says , " hey ! this circuit is powering up ! " the device can then sequence power up actions after this point the general idea is called power on reset so , you may flip some bits , but you probably would n't reboot in the manner you expect
1	however , mram is n't any good
8	how would you know that any ideas and advice does n't help ? now you are grasping at straws trying to find flaws i would very much like to know how the people who suffer from fatigue live quite likely it is small changes , but several , and they will see marked improvements in their lives and yes , you can actually be fat without being huge and bulky , and yes , you can still be fat while having reasonably good fitness and yes , you can still be fat while eating fairly healthy so again getting up off your ass and working out , and adjusting your diet will help in most ( if not all ) cases it 's not rocket science combine it with several of the suggestions i have mentioned and i can all but guarantee you 'll feel much better , and less tired oh , how about offering something constructive , instead of harping at what i have to say ? at least i attempt to offer , if not help , something , anything for the people who feel tired
2	how would you know that any ideas and advice does n't help ? this is bizarre i already said i was referring specifically to people who have tried or continue regular exercise and healthy , personalised diets but for whom it has little benefit it 's not that hard to understand oh , how about offering something constructive , instead of harping at what i have to say ? at least i attempt to offer , if not help , something , anything for the people who feel tired i doubt you 're helping as much as you seem to think you are
4	very good bash , almost eloquent , but it 's a swing and a miss i stated very clearly that a virus is n't the issue , not that fatigue is n't an issue yes , i will state that nearly all cases where someone is tired all the time , is fat and inactive you see , it 's a circle the more tired you are the less active you become and or vice versa the point remains the same though get off your ass and be active ( correctly active i should add ) , identify the right food to consume ( takes some doing but is very possible ) for you i bet a few yoga sessions for anyone who thinks they suffer from " a fatigue virus " making them tired would do wonders for their energy levels so would some fresh countryside air throw out your old bed linens pillows remove the mold found in almost every home these days ( diluted bleach woks best but wear protection ) there are so many things compounded that causes you to be tired and it is n't " a fatigue virus "
2	this article should should have checked the more recent research findings xmrv does n't cause chronic fatigue syndrome how can we know for sure ? it did n't exist before the <> century , probably only about <> years ago edit sorry , <> where it came from xmrv is a retrovirus this is a family that includes hiv and likes to incorporate itself into the host genome many of these ( not hiv ) can get into the germline and be passed through generations in animals ( including humans ) a large proportion of the genome ( say <> ) is actually ' fossilised ' virus from past infections in some animals the viruses can come back to ' life ' ( does n't happen in humans , does in mice ) these are called endogenous retroviruses the " x " stands for xenotrophic this means that while it is a mouse virus ( m murine mouse ) it does n't replicate in mouse cells , only humans we could tell it was very similar to a group of mouse viruses but not where it came from this is very strange a recent paper ( http www sciencemag org content <> <> <> full ) showed that the genome of xmrv perfectly matches two mouse endogenous retroviruses that have been recombined to create a new virus it appeared when human prostate cancer cells were repeatedly " passaged " through laboratory mice for research purposes this is also where it gained its affinity for human cells xmrv is an artefact that was accidentally produced in a lab the studies that claimed to show xmrv in the blood of cfs patients probably picked up traces of xmrv in the lab it does n't exist in the wild more recent studies ( link1 ( http jvi asm org cgi content abstract jvi <> <> ) , link2 ( http www sciencemag org content <> <> <> short ) ) have failed to show xmrv in the blood of humans there have now been calls for the <> paper to be retracted further info http www meassociation org uk ? p <> http www virology ws <> <> <> xmrv is a recombinant virus from mice http www biotechniques com news xmrv just contamination biotechniques <> html ? service print
4	fine , be that way i was n't really feeling up to it anyway
2	if you 're easily exhausted , you should not be giving blood period unless you have a deathwish
1	sounds like the arc we all know and love i mean , banning all men who have had sex with men from giving blood ? yeah , that 's pretty fucked up too
3	they banned me from giving blood for possibly having hep c scared the shit out of me , so imagine my relief when i tested just fine twice by the clinic and my doctor i'm not mad at trc , but i really wanted to hit the gallon mark before having to stop in my opinion , better safe than sorry to all those that donate , thanks for what you do , i really wish i could keep helping ( to those that do n't , consider it if you can , but i'm not judging you if you do n't !
1	full disclosure i am a fat ass but i am building up my stamina and strength through exercise and a more active life i'm tired most of the time and my body aches all the damn time , but it sure as hell is n't " a virus " or " chronic fatigue syndrome " it is attributed to years of being a lazy fat ass with atrophying muscles and shocking my body into movement if you are " chronically fatigued " , how about getting off your lazy fat ass and doing some exercise ? how about putting down that corn syrup laden ready meal and corn syrup full fizzy drink ? how about eating a balanced diet of carbs , protein , fat etc ? how about leading a balanced life sans all the " omg this is good for you it ' s a miracle ! " crap spewed out left and right ? if you have never used your body before in an active manner , guess what , you 'll feel tired , have muscle aches and generally feel like shit that is until you develop some basic muscle mass and build up basic endurance it will take some time depending on what kind of fat ass you are strangely enough people seems to think that the lifestyles they lead today is fine for a body developed over millions of years to suit a totally different lifestyle sometimes i am seriously puzzled over the lack of very basic understanding of your own body and its functions a bit on topic , the red cross has been bit in the ass before like it ever has been the red cross ' fault for trying to help people
6	xmrv causes autism !
4	fascinating thank you for sharing do you do immunology research ?
2	you seem to have failed to take into account the fact that a number of sufferers of cfs both eat healthily and exercise often we can agree on one point people who choose to eat junk food and end up obese are not chronically fatigued excluding those with diagnosed medical conditions , these people are lazy and ignorant of their own health if they try and blame their laziness on the supposed cfs they suffer from however , you seem to be ignorant of something you possess not a single clue about as someone who is active , the right weight , healthy , and pretty much chronically fatigued all the time , it irks me to see people disregard the fact that cfs is a genuine cataloged illness i 'll answer your question with a question given i am chronically fatigued , how can i get off my " lazy " " fat " ass and do some exercise , when i do that already ?
2	if you continue smoking you 're going to have heart trouble anyway i hate to see this drug have so much negative press all medications come with risks , but the chances of benefiting from quitting smoking , are much greater than the chances of major negative side effects
1	no shit ?
4	i'm pretty excited about this i hope the cost is n't prohibitive which would cause insurance companies to shy away from promoting it
6	not a slicer , not a dicer , not a chopper in a hopper , it 's the amazing clench a matic !
8	insurance companies will do their same old bs song and dance , do n't worry
4	i look forward to seeing devices like this become more regular
5	yeah , i know i can see them getting their memos ready that say this is nothing more than superficial , elective , and wholly unnecessary surgery sigh
1	well no shit
2	no duh
1	there should be an r blatantly fucking obvious
2	shit i live in la
4	biomass might also mean ethanol , which is a just a fancy way of converting oil and coal into farm subsidies
4	great on a hot day to turn on the giant fans
5	something is not right here http www eia gov cneaf electricity epm epm sum html nuclear <> , <> ( thousand megawatt hours ) hydro <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) all other renewables <> , <> that is only <> of nuclear and almost all of it is hydro looking at the details for other renewables we see wind <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) solar <> ( <> <> nuclear ) wood <> , <> geothermal <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) biomass <> , <> while wood and biomass are renewable i really do not think that is what most people think of when they think of renewable energy hydro wind solar geothermal <> , <> ( <> <> nuclear ) and another thing to think about if we look back to <> we see that other renewables produced <> , <> while hydro produced <> , <> in <> we see other renewables <> , <> and hydro <> , <> we have lost <> , <> in renewables energy production due to reduced hydro output we should make it up in a year or two if we can keep hydro stable but from this data it looks like we are still a long ways from getting to <> now to dig into their sources and find out why they are so far off from what the eia ( the same source they quote ) has on the eia official web site
1	but wind power must be stopped ! ( http www theonion com video in the know coal lobby warns wind farms may blow e , <> ) really not any more absurd than fox news and climate change denial
1	who actually believes this nonsense ?
2	and the fact that once in a while shit goes bad , and when it goes bad it goes really bad
4	this is why i posted this here , i was hoping someone could give some more insight into this since i was not certain that this report was true thanks for this excellent comment
1	exactly ! they put in so many of those stupid wind turbines where i live , and now it is so windy i wish they had n't put those things in they blow everywhere and it is terrible !
1	the headline of the article is a little misleading , it 's the extra fat rather than the chocolate that kills cells
4	i'm so glad it 's not about the toxicity of chocolate would eating <> entire container of ben & jerry 's cause cell death ?
2	cocoa butter is fat , although it 's unlikely the chocolate most people eat has much of it mostly trans fat fillers , and that stuff is poison
7	i ca n't cite any papers off the top of my head , but i can imagine a scenario where eating a moderate amount of ' junk fat ' would be better for one 's health than an excess of ' healthy ' fat this is kind of what i was trying to get at i understood the premise of the article , but since type of fat was n't specified i was n't sure if it applied to all fats thanks for the clarification
1	contemplating your navel , not just for philosophers anymore !
4	i also wish to volunteer i would even drive to their lab at state !
2	i want to live until i choose i want to die
1	regarding everyone pointing out that rich people will be able to get in on it first fine by me let those bastards run the beta program for a while when it stabilizes after a decade or two , i 'll gladly take a <> century mortgage for a few millenia alive what 's a fifth of my life ( at most ) ? as long as it is n't indentured servitude in a lumber yard or some shit
5	so said nathan shock , bernard strehler , benjamin frank , johan bjorksten , roy walford where are they now ? all dead http chronopause com index php <> <> <> going going gone
1	alright r science , now tell me why i should n't be excited
4	interesting , to say the least i 'd like to live for a few hundreds years , perhaps more than a thousand but no more than that it would be weird , though , would n't it ? fathers ( or mothers ) , sons , grandsons all being the same physiological ' age ' ?
8	you think the people running the world are heartless now ? give them an extra thousand years to live if this tech does not become cheap fast , it will destroy this species by splitting us into rich immortals and mortal poor
2	sorry dude , you 're wrong i am old now and would relish the idea of living one hell of a lot longer plus , i do n't have my flying car or jet pack yet and not to be limited , i 'd also like to see interstellar travel , holodecks , and a decent os on a pc
1	that is total bullshit i'm in my mid <> 's and would live indefinitely in a heartbeat as long as i was in reasonable shape and could enjoy life
4	robert heinlein wrote a set of stories which included " time enough for love " that dealt with this very issue i 'll say that he was a very open minded person
1	there will be bigger problems before overpopulation kicks in , imo overpopulation would take probably a few hundred years for the anti aging treatments to become completely widespread in the short term , though , one of the most progressive forces in human society is death do n't like your country 's shitty dictator ? well , he ca n't live forever do n't like the spanish inquisition ? it 'll die out eventually someday your boss will retire , and you 'll have the chance to take his job gay marriage would have been universally opposed in the <> , mostly opposed in the <> <> , and is going to be mostly accepted in the next <> years as the <> year old crowd is thinned with human immortality , none of those things are true if you do n't like el presidente , you 're going to have to kill him your boss is never going to retire , because this job is how he pays for his immortality treatments social mobility would drop to zero the rich will get richer , the poor will get poorer youth unemployment will go through the roof , as no one will be leaving the work force anymore it 's a recipe for a massive number of disaffected young people you know , the kind of people who do n't give a fuck about causing mayhem
5	rich people everywhere will have the luxury first , but yeah maybe mostly americans and europeans i'm not disagreeing with you but maybe there are other plausible ( and more optimistic ) scenarios ? is n't there a chance that when we expect to live indefinitely many will also postpone getting their first child indefinitely ? with the life expectancies we experience now there is already a great number of women who wait too long before their first pregnancy and find that they ca n't get pregnant you could expect all sorts of major cultural changes when everybody expects to live drastically longer , so the future will be hard to predict
6	i'm curious , why no more than that ? if it 's a worry about lack of things to do after a few centuries of life i 'd be happy to give ya some ideas personally i could fill millions and millions of years living in worlds , both virtual and real ( though i'm guessing the line separating the two will be very blurry in the near future )
6	it 'll require some extremely stringent population control measures people of the future will find it amazing that everyone is free to have as many kids as they want i wonder how the mormons will take the news
4	good points i never considered religious ramifications i think that people will give up their religion with a huge fight so if even some people are dieing in accidents , their souls still go to heaven real immortality with a backup of your consciousness would likely cause more uproar though i would admit that it is such a huge game changer , none of us will likely predict the correct outcome you are right that it would be revolutionary , i did n't mean to downplay that my point was people wo n't go apeshit when mr elite is going to live to <> years then it will be <> , etc all incremental increases to keep the youngsters from questioning anything it wo n't be forever overnight that might cause some different drama
1	i think you are way overestimating people gulf spill , fukushima , fracking , etc have all caused massive damage to people they are in many cases guaranteed to die from these events while the perpetrators get even richer and no one has done a damn thing
6	how many people do you know that think , " it will be better when i get to heaven ! " there are a lot of them , what happens when they ca n't or just do n't think that anymore ? what happens when they see for the first time how hugely responsible they are for their own " eternity " it 's a society changer it 's a human value changer it 's a revolution of such proportions in human thought to be likened as the enlightment times a billion if you do n't think there would be revolutions in every way imaginable by the prospect of real immortality , i'm surprised to say the least
7	and we can love forever
2	one can always avoid accidents , though generally only by avoiding life rather than really living it the problem is that we do n't know everything and we probably never will there are some things that may even actually be random , instead of just appear so so , if you have a <> <> or <> chance of dying in a car accident in <> years , as the time approaches infinity , the probability approaches <> or <> it does n't have to be a car accident , though it could be a meteor , war , choking on your food , murder there are things that are beyond our ( each individual 's ) control and some that will probably always be of course , you could argue quantum immortality in the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics , but the discussion would effectively end there either way , forever is a pretty damn long time i 'd probably kill myself , eventually , even if just out of boredom
2	aubrey put it this way these rejuvenation technologies need to get funded some way and government funding is unlikely so let the rich be the lab rats right now there is a growing but somewhat unfounded interest among the western world in longevity in order for the majority to step on board ( researchers and public ) , they need demonstrations but until they cough up the change , the sensf is limited in what they can accomplish in the timeline aubrey has announced so the rich have been and will continue to be for some time the only ones who can supply sensf with the billion or so dollars it claims it needs if the majority of middle to low wage income families in america at least are truly afraid of what you have just claimed in your comment then they can tell their representatives and senators to subsidize these longevity technologies unfortunately , the majority of americans still claim to be religious and thus see no need for living indefinitely ( for the time being ) when they have some rosy expectations of an afterlife this crowd will really only get on board once these technologies are proven , as they will be perceived as the new standard of living aubrey also seems confident that a restorative approach where people stay young is much cheaper in the long run compared to providing for the expenses of the elderly indeed , the last few years of a person 's life are the most expensive ones if you know any million or billionaires make sure to tell them about sensf
1	but touch my tears with your lips
4	great , we 'll never get rid of baby boomers now (
5	that had very little to do with nintendo i am disappointed
2	that is assuming society remains unchanged who says it will be the norm to have children in <> years ? either way , what is exactly is a mistake ? would you rather we did n't try to cure diseases , prevent alzheimers , prevent old people from getting weak ? how about we cancel all cancer treatment in fact , let 's just close all the hospitals , let anyone who 's sick die and ban doctors that 'll help on the overpopulation issue !
4	yeah , cancer incidence goes up exponentially with age it 's quite possible that many anti aging treatments would actually increase the incidence of cancer , as they would provide some of the things cancers need ( telomerase expression , capacity for self renewal , etc )
2	rich people everywhere will have the luxury first probably , but i don t think it would last very long people can accept they will never live in a million dollar house like the rich guy knowing he will get to live in it forever while they take a dirt nap might be a bit too much for some people to take
1	rich people will be able to live forever they will also be able to genetically modify their babies so that they are superior both physically and intellectually remember gattaca guys ? ! ?
1	not me !
6	exactly i think when i'm <> <> years old i might say " okay i saw quite a bit of things and stuff good night everybody ! "
7	yeah that was then this is forty years from now science is a rapidly explosive progression
4	the real challenges so far have n't been in the research but in evangelizing to secure funding and changing the public 's perception of the aging process right now the sensf is only receiving a partial amount of the funding aubrey claimed would be required to achieve the timelines he mentioned , and even then he said the likelihood of achieving this timeline would be close to <> i think things are going exactly or even better than their expectations
2	not to mention cancer if we do n't find cures for different cancers , which most people get eventually if they live long enough , " curing aging " wo n't be as interesting yay i get to live until i get cancer instead of a heart disease !
2	that is all theoretical literally every part of what you just said is theoretical there is absolutely no way to know what this would do to culture i could honestly see it being incredible for us it would make scientists more interested in space colonization , as we would finally have lifespans that correspond to the ridiculous time it would take to go anywhere of course , what i'm saying is theoretical too , but i just think we ought to give it a shot haha
2	yes , but not with as much frequency his statement made it seem as though none of those things would ever factor into those eventualities which is just not true they are main contributing factors in many instances of those things and being pushed is n't the only way to fall down steering into oncoming traffic is n't the only way to get into an accident and , well , that last one was n't really well thought out because i did n't want to leave it out but i'm sure there 's an example somewhere that helps further my point late addendum i actually do n't think his point was to point out a fallacy , but rather to just be argumentative about the title while , yes , accidents occur and thus you are not truly immortal in the strictest sense , aging is really the only real barrier to living forever one can always avoid accidents , though generally only by avoiding life rather than really living it thus , the question of being able to live forever is based on death by aging rather than accident in essence , arguing for the sake of argument , rather than making a real point
2	its never a good idea to godwin yourself there are reasons not to allow hate speech , but implying that it will lead to another world war and genocide is over the top
5	we do ? i need to watch our news more
1	he was also pretty good at inciting specific behavior with violence he also caused the death of about <> milion people you are scum for making that comparison
4	ah the antilles , always wanted to go there
1	slander does pretty much cover someone ruining your reputation by talking shit , but he 's well within his rights to talk shit about a selection of society ( apparently )
1	calling the islam a dangerous political ideology is not hate speech calling for all muslims to be violently slaughtered is hate speech
1	it 's abundantly clear the dutch court has a strong left wing bias
4	he did not incite anyone to commit violence against muslims he 's a tad smarter than that
2	you 're thinking of neverwinter nights the netherlands is what quoth the raven
2	you 're all thinking this shit is still funny
8	eh , you 're probably right then i'm from the antilles , so the <> distance may have changed it a bit p
6	really ? ever heard of a guy called hitler ? he was pretty good at inciting specific behaviour with words edit i realise this was a bit over the top i was merely trying to say that free speech with out any limits can be an issue
4	eh ? the device should read " overstap ok " and not charge you the entry fee the second time my commute has me take a gvu bus and a connexxion bus every day and it works fine ( i have a personal ov chipcard though , which might make a difference ? )
2	note i do not vote nor support wilders , but i think the idea of a politician tried for his words is fucking ludicrous at least tried anywhere but in the court of public opinion
2	it 's not so ludicrous , free speech stops at incitement to terrorism or violence in general in most countries granted that was n't the case here
1	wilders is a hypocrite though , demanding freedom of speech for himself while proposing to have the koran banned
4	i think it 's ok to forbid hate speech ( potentially leading to violence etc ) and spreading insulting lies about people especially politicians should be made accountable also , i 'd be quite happy if i were protected by law if someone ever started trying to ruin my reputation by talking shit ( it never happened to me , and i'm no legal expert so i'm not aware about the legal situation )
4	you people do make some pretty awesome electronic music ( hardstyle )
4	right i forgot about the awesome rijsttafel
4	was a big thing on twitter thank you for that update , cnn
4	i just think celebrating net neutrality is short sighted
2	net neutrality is n't the only issue the us is failing at compared to other western nations
2	well that 's the ' national ' aspect to it mail is ran by the u s government it 's one of them thar 's ocialist ' programs for private isp 's you would n't have that rural areas would likely have higher rates due to less demand and less competition supply
4	because i am not interested in women also , the only good thing in sweden is that i can get a lot of bandwidth cheap , but i can get that in the nl aswell two years left , ca n't wait !
6	what exactly was n't available ?
5	however , they ( netherlands and amsterdam ) has some kind of amazing honey waffles ( name ? ) which tastes like unicorns and rainbows even when you 're a <> edit syrup and not honey , and stroopwafles i apologize for my ignorance !
8	expat forums , no matter about what country , are like that
4	please do , i'm intrigued
5	that 's worded wrong there 's an exception for filtered internet ( i e no porn or no virus websites ) which some people appearantly want but i thought that the service had to be advertised as such a whatsapp free subscription would have to be advertised as " without whatsapp ! " , so not somewhere in the tos i'm not sure about this , though
2	so , that 's not net neutrality net neutrality says a packet is a packet , an ip addy is an ip addy no distinction shall be made in the customer 's traffic what the netherlands did was enshrine into law that net neutrality was gone forever and replaced with a tiered system which is the opposite of net neutrality
6	if i understand the official proposal , ( dutch ) ( https zoek officielebekendmakingen nl dossier <> kst <> <> ) correctly , this is not allowed as an isp you can only touch the traffic for the following reasons network security ( virus trojans ) congestion qos " unwanted " traffic , this part points to another article i think they mean they can block spam on your behalf if you give them permission law requirement or judge 's order this seems to be valid only if you offer " internet access " you can offer separate services like whatsapp in a new product that is just called " messaging over ip " or whatever , but you cannot offer " internet access " and then block whatsapp , not even when clearly saying so
2	i guess that you could define opposition of the ' normal ' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well oh for fuck 's sake so that would mean we have multiple definitions of ' network neutrality ' floating around , not all of which actually require network neutrality as if the general population was n't confused enough about this issue
2	ah , there 's a problem though what if the customer is the website ? do n't forget that the server serving the webpage must be connected to the internet as well that 's a case where extra money gets payed out for guaranteed bandwidth
6	from wikipedia neutrality proponents claim that telecom companies seek to impose a tiered service model in order to control the pipeline and thereby remove competition , create artificial scarcity , and oblige subscribers to buy their otherwise uncompetitive services do you think this currently does n't exist ? you think last mile infrastructure is <> open in what ever country you are in ? you think your traffic isnt shaped currently your advertised <> connection that never seems to reach over <> of its speed do an actual speed test on an uncommon protocol or guarantied ( isdn ) protocol and magically you actually manage to max out the connection net neutrality is worded so broadly and infringed upon every way , it makes both yours and my comments valid and invalid at the same time
2	mis informed , anti consumer , pro rich " regulation " is pretty much what everyone does n't want add in insanely inefficient pro consumer policies to that i would say medicare medicaid social security falls into that from personal experience ( i am on all <> because of disability ) a large percentage of government departments programs need to be rebuilt because over the years so much crap has made its way in that it is a complete mess
4	paying for a faster speed and minimal congestion does n't violate neutrality 'no restrictions ' just means that if you 've paid to connect at x level of service , you get x level of service no matter who you try to connect with so if you 're paying out the nose for extremely fast and stable access , more power to you we already have a tiered internet in this sense
6	but if there had been strict nn laws set in place <> <> years ago ( no tiering at all ) that could have been a barrier for voip applications i fail to see how this is possible
2	i think a lot of people in many countries feel the same way you ca n't get a good feel of a country just seeing it 's capital or largest city for large countries this is even worse
4	thanks very much for the reply !
4	thanks very much for the reply this is about as well as i could have hoped and it sounds wonderful there fyi , i believe there are some smart phone apps that you can use to scan signs words from foreign languages i 've messed with some on my wife 's iphone and they work pretty well from what i can see i do n't recall if they exist on other phones or if dutch is an option , but you might look into that !
4	sweden not going to the euro worked out pretty well for them during this recession the krona lost about <> of it 's value compared to the usd and made products relatively cheap to buy from sweden their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward it certainly hurt in the domain of swedes buying foreign products but it looks like it was a small price to pay lesson to be learned a devalued currency is not all bad
6	sometimes i do n't even know if it 's a joke or not
4	well , a bachelors and masters degree are simply heavily subsidized by the government ( those taxes have to go somewhere ) when you wa n't to do a second bachelor or masters degree it can cost you up to <> <> eur per year
4	after deducting 's tudiefinanciering ' , free public transportation and correcting for minimum wage ( students can easily make <> euro 's an hour , and tax free up to <> a month ) ?
4	first world countries , hmm i hope you netherlandianers realise how advantaged you are
2	however , health insurance , the internet , education ? those are just luxuries , we obviously do n't need regulations on that stuff yeah , i ca n't really agree with that especially because , without health insurance in most places , you are n't able to get decent healthcare , which is a necessity , at least one if you want to keep living as for the internet and education , while they might not be needed for survival in the hunter gatherer sense , they are needed in order to advance in society and to remain competitive on a world stage the dividends received from having a highly educated populace with easy and fast connections to the greatest global communications medium the world has ever seen probably far outweigh the costs
4	i hear you if only everyone placed a little more value on life profits ( quality of life , health , freedom and so on ) and less on financial profits
4	interestingly enough , sweden was hit harder by the recession than greece , but because it maintained control of its currency , it has since rebounded while greece is fucked from what i hear , things were painful for sweden , but they were able to get through it
4	if the internet tubes are too narrow , then make em bigger !
2	unfortunately you 're posting on reddit so you 'll have to work against the hivemind opinion of " bandwidth is unlimited , upgrades are free and cheap , price increases or service changes are extortion , fuck at & t "
2	your translation is misleading it 's actually only about third party cookies
4	is n't the law only forbidding tracking the user between sites , like ad networks do ? that 's arguably a good thing
2	i remember a similar law being discussed not long ago for the uk i think ( unless it was for the eu entirely , and this is the same law ) there , i believe the intent was to require permission for tracking cookies i e anything which reports your activity to someone other than the website you 're interacting with so , for example , something like a cookie for a session identifier , or a language preference , etc would be fine so long as the site administers it itself , but things like google analytics would need explicit permission , since google would be able to track your activity across multiple sites to outlaw cookies entirely would make the entire web ( or at least the interesting bits ) completely fucking unusable you could n't store session state to remember that you 're logged into reddit , for example you would have to either a ) store a session id in the query string ( i e in the url ) , which has massive security implications , or b ) require the user to enter their username password combination on every page that allows you to do account stuff if something like that was enforced , every god damn company of value would pull the fuck out of your country , making the web complete shit for you by default , and it would be so fucking fast when the peasants revolt the first country to do this loses it seems a bit mutually assured destruction y
2	unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies is n't that just to comply with an eu directive which largely requires the same thing ? that 's an eu wide directive , not just the netherlands
2	it seems strange to me to treat voip packets in exactly the same way as packets from a <> file download in a bandwidth scarce environment right , there 's no problem in that scenario the scenario that nn wants to prevent is the one where voip packets from the isp are treated differently than voip packets from skype or vonage
3	wait a minute you wo n't be right back at all !
4	you 're right intelligently adjusting the bandwidth and such for qos purposes based on the patterns that the packets are being sent in is perfectly fine that 's neutral but i think that , for example , singling out bittorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong same goes for filtering based on source destination that 's not neutral
2	this makes no sense to me i work with internet technology all the time and this the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page is great , ok fair enough , let us treat the data equally everyone should get the data that they need however , isps said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications , such as games or file sharing programs , can slow down their entire network for all customers this is basic network configuration ! they are correct , there is a reason for balancing the data in this way it is to ensure that everyone gets the data that they need as a result many isps throttle , block or charge extra for many bandwidth hungry applications and content now this is where the real bull shit is this is just the companies lining their pockets but even more so , it is a result of inflation because money is being printed this has nothing to do with the damn network configuration ! they might regret this shit
3	til other countries can be better at freedom than the america i live in
2	how very neutral of them
2	once again , i 've never been more proud of my people
4	country passes internet legislation , reddit applauds this happened
3	the world needs to do this i may move there if the us doesnt do this i fear if they dont go in this direction they will go the complete opposite direction
2	so , the same country that legalized marijuana is now again the first to create such an important law im beginning to wonder if all the smart politicians live in netherlands and we the rest of the world get nothing but retarded and corrupted assholes how i 'd love to live there
6	how does reddit decide what to use as a posts thumbnail ?
1	i first read " neanderthals " and was all wtf
1	what ? but that 's marxism ! it should be illegal to take away a company 's right to gouge another company for an imaginary commodity so they can reap tons of profits and totally screw over all consumers by balkanizing the single greatest information technology ever created ! american politician
8	not all that great they can be beautiful ( and many are ) , but many do n't really know how to dress well the dutch are definitely underdressed , i 'd say
8	second only to england maybe in scotland university education is free
4	university networks are both <> mbit up and down and have 's urfnet ' as a provider
6	why are you still using adsl ? you can get <> mbit s cable for that price
2	there is a special layer of hell reserved for you " people " scum
2	you 're thinking " nether parts " , the netherlands is a formless place of magic and illusion it is indistinct and chaotic , with no size or shape coterminous to all other worlds , the netherlands can be a gateway for those who know how to use it for mortals , the netherlands is notoriously difficult to access spells and portals can take one there , but few other options exist
2	oh yes , he 's a hypocrite and possibly psychotic , does not make the comparison with hitler valid , in fact , it 's a toxic sentiment that has gotten more than one political figure killed
2	yes , i was joking ) it 's just that , compared to most other countries , the netherlands is tiny
3	i live near the border and i do n't care much about drug tourism i do care when the tourists are making an ass out of themselves i'm happy for you if you can buy some drugs , but please behave
3	not to mention killing people critic of islam like theodoor van gogh and pim fortuyn um pim fortuyn was killed by volkert van der graaf , a dutch guy i hate it when these two murders get lumped together on the immigration issue , they had nothing to do with each other
8	this i moved to holland for a study abroad program ( and stayed ) , and during the first year i had not really been socialized to the ' immigrant ' problem my corner had a bunch of hangjongeren ( literally loitering kids ) who i quickly learned to despise , but they were on the whole completely representative of the ethnic landscape of nl that is majority ' native dutch ' with a few moroccans , turks , and surinamese so in that sense these immigrant ' assholes ' were completely assimilated into the native dutch ' asshole ' culture what more can you ask for ? ) conservatives see it the other way around , of course " these foreign assholes are turning our kids into assholes ! " amusing however you cut it
4	because isps treat their voip traffic a little better then everything else
2	this is what i meant when i said that there is no clear definition of nn and its implications for how networks should be handled this faster tier might not even have to be something you have to pay for , although i admit this would probably be the case a qos can be implemented not as a tool to distinguish between different products , but as a tool to make sure a certain type of service works sufficiently as long as the isps do n't act as gatekeepers that restrict your access to content online , i dont see a big problems with a tiered system
3	it was meant as a hypothetical argument , stating that regulation on the internet might have unforeseen externalities not being able to have a good conversation that does n't lag or otherwise disturbs the call , would have made it harder to create the voip products the point is simply that innovation cannot be predicted , and that some regulation might hinder future innovation , even though it was created to foster more innovation edit it also depends on how you define nn there is no clear and agreed upon definition currently this is using the definition of nn that bans all forms of tiering
3	because when their isp does miscalculate and run out of bandwidth ( either at the neighborhood or datacenter ) most people prefer that their phone calls do n't start glitching ?
6	really ? ever heard of a guy called stalin ? did the same as hitler and worse in a country without free speech
4	that 's it i'm moving the netherlands after i graduate
2	only after explicit permission so you can still use them , but you need to give permission also , how on earth do you enforce that kind of law ?
2	on a related note , one of the dutch newspapers does a top <> most influential people every year , and one of the interesting things about that list is that the vast majority of people on there came from middle class families similarly our parliament is made up of middle class people , most with an academic degree there is much less overlap between the business elite and the political elite than in the us
2	sounds heavy , would you like some help ?
2	no you wo n't
2	you 'll need a cheese card to be able to work here
4	i lived in the netherlands for a couple years , it was great , would love to go back permanently i like denmark a little better though
4	at least we in the us have one ( http www govtrack us congress person xpd ? id <> ) kinda makes me wish i had voted for him
6	wait net neutrality is a good thing ?
4	swedish babes dude , the hottest chicks on earth
4	that 's what i meant i remember someone from the netherlands telling me that cars come with a <> sales tax , effectively tripling the price
3	no , i'm fairly certain it 's " doe maar normaal dan doe je al gek genoeg " perhaps there 's a provincial difference ? i'm from brabant
2	you 're thinking of the nether the netherlands is a first person shooter with rpg elements and millions of procedurally generated guns developed by gearbox
1	nah we do n't ( government surveillance ) and wo n't have net neutrality for long with the recent laws passed in both sweden and eu we 're all doomed fucking anti piracy lobbyists they say we must protect ourselves from " terrorist and cp ! " but it 's just portraying net neutrality activists as pesky pedophiles wanting nothing more than to make bombs and fap to cp kind of like how the republicans portray atheists in the us dear dutch redditors how is the healthcare there ? broadband ? education ?
2	oh look , justice , had n't heard from him in quite a while note i do not vote nor support wilders , but i think the idea of a politician tried for his words is fucking ludicrous
2	well , i check in out during the weekend as a student with the week ov and to be honest the system has some flaws for example , with the strippenkaart the zones would count whether you 're in a htm bus or a veolia bus , so you only stamp once with the ov chipkaart however you have to check in out when you 're changing from public transit company this means that you have to pay the entry fee twice , which can make certain journeys very expensive
2	the left right dichotomy is quite outdated the pvv is best described as an authoritarian conservative party
2	it was ment to describe how people view them not what they stand for
2	the country 's telecommunications companies were disappointed awww , those poor , poor telecommunications companies
4	codifying a law that denies " any restrictions " is pointless it actually makes sense from a practical point of view holding people to a standard of 'no restrictions ' makes them work a lot harder to ensure that any restrictions that must be implemented out of practical necessity are as fair as possible it 's like a government guaranteeing everyone a speedy trial obviously not everyone 's going to get a speedy trial there will be bureaucratic delays , judges may drag their feet , you may belong to a maligned ethnic group , whatever but you do n't write these exceptions into the principle , no matter how inevitable they are keep the principle clean and free of distractions , hold everyone to be best possible instantiation of it and then trust people to complain when it is purposefully violated otherwise everyone and their mother will be happy to explain why they ought to belong to that growing list of exemptions
4	there 's a huge difference between shaping traffic and being not neutral if you 're going to shape bandwidth , then you have to do it to all bandwidth the same you ca n't , for example , exempt your voip solution while still throttling skype or vonage
2	clearly these are not the sort of restrictions anyone is talking about
2	there is no such thing as net neutrality , work seriously in any it company and you will find out , you can lease a line with certain qos standards the public do n't get , if you are a trading company you will lease low latency lines , you can buy mpls 's that guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber it never had been there
1	the eu is just a bunch of idiots who do n't know what they 're talking about the " eu " as you say i suppose you mean the ec , but whatever is the only entity in the euro american sphere that actually protects the consumer against big corporations it may not be protecting it enough , but it is the only one doing it
6	you 'll see , if that bill passes this will be good once one country has a law for something , it 's easier to get it into the european unions constitution once its in there everyone will go along it was the same with a lot of other crap
6	that i understand what confused me was how the person writing the article got net neutrality right in the first half of the article , then re defined it as something entirely different in the second half , seemingly without noticing
2	the eu is n't that bad it 's a good system that seems to work on the whole just , the individual countries tend to vote in idiotic nationalist or anti eu mps i seriously hate the uk contribution to it
3	b b but corporations totalitarianism fear panic
4	there is no widely accepted definition of nn currently well , there is the official definition that i provided it 's very simple any other definition is a mistake or a deliberate distortion but if you mean that network neutrality is n't strictly honored in practice , then yes , i agree that this is the practical reality telecommunications companies face similar practical difficulties when acting as a common carrier for telephone calls however that does n't mean we should give up on the principle of unmonitored calls in general i understand your argument in favor of tiered internet and i respect the right of telecom companies to try and structure things in this way in order to make money i also understand the pitfalls of enforcing neutrality but i'm more concerned with promoting innovation from small businesses and startups , the benefits of public access to information and the freedom to transmit information without interference better performance from the specific products you mention , or any specific product that ca n't perform in a network neutral environment , does n't concern me nearly as much
2	the dutch government has been overseeing the isps for a long time already in all of europe even not that there 's anything wrong with that per se
3	the netherlands no longer has any isps which can price things how they want have you even read the article ? " on <> june , the dutch parliament passed a law stopping mobile operators from blocking or charging extra for voice calling done via the net "
4	and the public wins
2	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because some carriers do things you do n't like ? get a new carrier ! ! i do n't think you know how the internet works your data has to go though others peoples networks to reach it destination if one major isp in your country starts throttling traffic for a particular site , and they are the only path to that sites server , your data will be throttled no matter who your carrier is this is the entire point
2	reddit news before it happens
2	it most definitely was , but it 's possible that the intersection of users that are from the netherlands , read reddit and have a newspaper subscription is just me
4	as a consumer , i fail to see how that 's a problem i value my freedom to go where the fuck i want on the internet greater than their ability to control where i go edit not to mention , why the fuck should they be able to charge extra for voip ? its just fucking data
2	sorry if my sarcasm did n't come across clearly , i was just being a smartass telcoms are bastards here in the u s too the truth is i have zero sympathy for them , i just found that sentence humorous i could n't help but picture a group of sad c e o 's looking down at the ground , their hands stuffed down the pockets of their expensive suits , and kicking at the dirt
2	after it announced plans to charge customers extra for using skype and whatsapp , a free text messaging service the best part is that they 're trying to claim free text messaging as " heavy data usage " no , texts are a completely trivial amount of data even for a <> dialup internet connection hell they 're a near trivial amount of data for a telegram in morse code they want to charge extra because using an app to send texts over the internet does n't incur the completely ludicrous fees the carriers ask for sms messages
4	stay classy netherlands
4	well , good to know someone out there can enjoy a tiny bit of freedom
2	like the mail , isp 's should never be concerned with the type of packets ( letters packages for mail ) they are moving , but only concerned with the size ( weight for mail ) and amount it should just be metered by the bit
4	am i the only one who first read it ' neanderthals ' ? would be pretty amusing
2	unrelated thumbnail got my hopes up (
2	was confused , i guess it was another law , one about internet censorship on which they accidentally voted wrong
2	well , it sounds like the opposition to net neutrality in europe is definitely ( sunglasses ) in dutch
2	i disagree with the idea that lighter users should be subsidizing heavier users to maximize fairness and efficiency , instead focusing on net neutrality which is a band aid solution with all sorts of negative side effects , governments should be focusing efforts on the very difficult task of fostering a more competitive industry without causing undue prejudice to existing businesses difficult ? indeed impossible ? no , not for effective , bold leadership
4	yep in sweden too
2	to be completely honest , it is n't profitable water , electricity , gas , etc have been ruled as necessities of life and thus are government controlled and are remarkably inexpensive however , health insurance , the internet , education ? those are just luxuries , we obviously do n't need regulations on that stuff
4	sweden has a low population and high exports in timber and iron ore sweden maintained neutrality in wwii so it did not have to rebuild its economy , they also have not adopted the euro there are other reasons of course , but with relative peace throughout the <> century and strong resource base it is not surprising they have money for extensive welfare benefits
4	socialism ! commies !
2	about how us students end up having tens of thousands ( some med students even hundreds of thousands ) of dollars in debt no doubt one of the arguments we have here for why doctors get paid so much is that they have these huge loans to pay off my argument right back is , " if we subsidized the cost to become a doctor , then they do n't have those huge loans , and then not only do we get more doctors , but they do n't have to make outrageous salaries ( not that doctors should n't be paid well ) "
4	yeah , here in michigan a few of the universities get up into the <> , <> range ( almost <> , <> if google 's to trust ) i ca n't believe how comparatively cheap it is over in the eu
2	it 's funny that we , the dutch , have a public outcry ( i have to admit i was pretty pissed off as well ) when the prime minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to <> ( ! ! ! ) a year , but then i stopped and realized we got it pretty fucking good here careful , that 's how it started here too god damn , <> for college , that outra well its better than <> world !
4	you get more money in sweden en denmark but then again , i ca n't complain much not having to work allows me to go on an intensive <> weeks innovation program in denmark and it gave me time to lead the students organization they also have minors focused on innovation and entrepreneurship and internships are integrated with every education expect for masters education i guess offering this will pay back itself due to increased rates of innovation and because students can start working right away ( instead of having to learn what a job actually is )
5	american ? i feel very sorry for most americans these days , it seems more and more that the great people of america are being held back by a select powerful few and a large amount of medicare receiving tea parties <> euros is about <> <> of what i can freely spend each month but the goverment chips in <> euro 's so i guess i'm lucky in every way ) i thing i noticed is that even rich to very rich people here do n't really complain about paying taxes it might be just the dutch culture but every one i know that has money , realized that money does n't really make you happy
2	about <> , month when you live with your parents , and about <> , when you live on your own , standard scholarship if your parents are ' poor ' <> or something you get more , to a maximum of <> , , on top of that you can loan about <> , extra a month against very low rates it 's used to be better , but it 's more than okay in an international perspective , i suppose
6	that 's not the other way around at all who 's to say how prices should hold firm to standards before this law was introduced over time ?
2	charging differently for different types of data is breaking net neutrality
2	you can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in california sweden ? not so much the better question is how are yours better ( they 're not ) ?
4	why do n't you come in my van for a minute ? i 've got candies
2	no matter how much infrastructure they lay , we are going to want all of it , and that is n't entirely feasible they need to either limit the top speed they will give you , or throttle based on congestion , and people are going to complain a more when their <> line is now running at <> for a few hours after work , instead of them having <> all the time this is especially important , because no matter how much you watch tv , cable is n't going to take a huge amount of bandwidth , but plenty of applications like utorrent are going to suck up every drop of speed they can touch i'm thinking of a situation like a lot of local cable internet , where your few blocks share a line at <> , it 's gonna be slow , because everybody is using it the options are pretty much , put down bigger lines and hope that the guy running utorrent does n't just scale up to it , limit the top users internet , which we tend not to like since we are usually top users , or give people a dedicated line or portion of the line if you give someone just a portion of the full line , and they are probably going to be upset that they ca n't use all the spare it 's an interesting problem another thing i just thought of , this is compounded by the fact that isps over subscribe lines , pretty much as a rule i myself have seen anywhere from <> <> to <> <> , which means they will sell <> people <> lines on a <> pipe , and assume that it wo n't be used all the time , which is generally accurate this makes it so you do n't have to pay as much as you would if you got your own dedicated service , as other people are essentially sharing the line , but this is also the reason congestion happens during peak hours there is n't a great way to balance the load at <> and <> without either slowing down during the peak , or having a lot of expensive infrastructure going unused at night i should stop typing and go back to work
4	well , the australian government requires big boobs on the porn stars there it is supposedly so that no one portrays herself as a minor ( even when she is over <> )
4	i real friend would say that )
4	make sure you check out the burgers from a vending machine wall seriously , the whole shop is vending machines with hot food in i ate <> <> eur burgers in a row while my mates checked out the whores , they were that good
2	oh yeah those as well p the list could probably go on for a while i tried to make my list a bit specific and keep out generics that probably apply to most a lot of countries
2	oh yeah those as well p i did n't real feel like make a extend list
4	d that 's it , i'm moving to the netherlands for sure i ca n't do <>
6	" faster than <> of nl " i'm guessing that 's a university network ? here 's my result , i pay kpn <> euros a month for this , no caps http www speedtest net result <> png
4	awesome i live in a fantasy world
4	nice try zombie michael jackson oh wait he thought it was real
6	but wait ! how are the women ?
4	hooray for holland
4	ah , so that 's why we speak ze english ! i thought it was because we get it at school starting when we 're <> to <> , depending on the school d we also get french and german in high school and if you 're a bright student , there 's options for spanish , russian , latin , greek and probably chinese and some others
2	just wait until sea level rise due to climate change holland is in trouble
4	perhaps the original news message is misleading my translation is pretty accurate
2	cars are ridiculously expensive to buy , and come with something like <> taxes , and as a car nut that 's bad also , they do n't let you play airsoft ! they 're all crazy nutters
4	you 're thinking of neverland the netherlands are the chicago based game developer behind the iconic fight game franchise mortal kombat
1	how about <> for a gallon of gasoline
4	yes , the people are closed minded , egotistical and boring it 's to be expected when the catchphrase that dutch people love is " just act normal , that 's crazy enough " ( yeah it works better in dutch ) as far as living here goes it all sounds good on paper but i ca n't wait to get the hell out of here and move to a country that still has enough space to accommodate its population
4	must be nice having politicians that have n't been bought off by telecom companies
2	facebook tracks you before you even sign up , that a large invasion of privacy , with this law they could force facebook to stop doing that
2	i thought the intent of those laws was wagering " hey , i bet you this year 's welfare budget you ca n't get this bill passed "
1	so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ? no , its solving a problem that several isps have said they want to do , and that consumers do n't it 's telling them " no ! you ca n't do that ! " before it gets too late and they 're already doing it
1	so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ? when companies are willing to do anything that is legal , it becomes necessary to make anything you do n't want them to do illegal
4	sweden would be amazing
2	sweden has worse drug laws than the us if you smoke cannabis and think that 'd still be good , think again only alcoholics need apply
2	i do n't think it 's the type of law that 's meant to be actively enforced it 's just a legal lever that someone can pull if they find their privacy has been violated
2	is n't that just to block child porn though ?
2	there 's someone in r android demanding that verizon implement the ability to block ads as a result of tiered data ( with upvotes ) that blew my mind a bit reddit usually does n't like censorship or content blocking , especially from an isp but now it 's okay to block ads because you do n't want to use your data plan to see them ? the hypocrisy is staggering
2	no , because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors should myspace have been able to pay to slow down facebook ? how about msnbc paying to slow down fox news ?
2	i realise what i said was probably a bit over the top , but i still think my point that free speech with out any limits can be an issue is valid
4	awesome , thanks a lot for the info
6	so what ? an american has it light years better than a nigerian i would hope the fuck so does n't mean that your analogy is n't absolute shit question to you what does that say about the american health care system ? a nothing comparing a <> world system to a first world system does n't say anything ? i'm shocked now what about comparing a first world system to another first world system also , and i know i'm getting off track here but whatever , arguably the american healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth , not mainly with quality of care but that is a problem with quality of care if you have money out the wazoo , you get the best quality care you can get if you have no money , though , you get no care maybe some emergency services , but they 're still going to hound you for those bills this is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices , but it does n't mean it 's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system when it means that many people do n't have access to even the most basic of care , you bet your ass it means it 's a flaw in the system the question " should we care for others ? " is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system it 's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself if only there was some manifestation of a society , where people sent representatives to make decisions for society perhaps they could make basic rules for interacting with each other , so as to help preserve everyone 's rights hmmm , i wonder what we 'd call it ?
2	nobody ever gets denied healthcare ha ! as i said everyone who does n't know anything about the healthcare system likes it it 's the same with our law system people who have never been inside a courtroom are most likely to approve of our system ( <> approval orso ) while people who are actually knowledgeable about the system approve of our system a lot less ( not making this up , was not netwerk about a year ago ) we are taught that we have a well run smooth system from an early age and only the people that are actually confronted with it and think critically find out how it 's really like
2	not a joke can you imagine what it must feel like to be a women with an a cup in australia ? their own government is telling them they have n't matured properly and that images of them naked should be banned seriously , what the fuck ?
2	not a joke i wish i could find a link for it , but i'm at work at the moment i'm pretty sure every major news service ran a story on it , and it 's everywhere on the web to be found a cup <> year olds apparently allow pedos to pretend they are watching cp
1	siiiiggghhh yeah that 's bullshit one fucking piece of sensationalism in one measly article and that misinformation is now " common knowledge "
2	well damn crappy , error filled news spreads like herpes at a swingers party corrections are apparently delivered by this guy ( http cache ohinternet com images b b2 slowpoke gif )
2	yeah , but even that one is totally in bed with the movie industry
2	there 's that word again " heavy " why are things so heavy in the future ? is there a problem with the earth 's gravitational pull ?
4	probably not , but i would love to or sweden
2	you 're thinking of netherrealm studios the netherlands is an alternative dimension in the videogame minecraft
1	uhm , as far as i know its ' normally you act crazy enough already ' ( normaal doe je al gek genoeg )
2	and of course i'm being downvoted by those self righteous pricks it fascinates me to no end how dutch people simultaneously think that the netherlands is the best country on earth but act like they 're unbiased and phlegmatic ( unlike those craaaazy patriotic americans ! ) it makes sense though they are n't good with differing opinions rant generalization
2	actually , while it is a long term problem , we have the money , know how and willpower to prop up our water defenses to virtually any sea water level bangladesh however , does n't have that luxury
2	gays can marry there so they have dikes reinforced with sacred bonds
2	cars arent that expensive , taxes and insurance however are
2	calling the pvv a " dutch version of the republican party " is the most retarded thing i 've read on reddit in many years pvv is at best a fascist version of the democrats they are almost as socialist as the socialist party
6	but i think that , for example , singling out bittorrent packets and dropping the speed for them down to almost nothing is wrong same goes for filtering based on source destination that 's not neutral but who is even doing that ? i remember comcast tried it , but am i right in thinking that they are n't any more ? so is n't this nothing more than a law being passed that tries to solve a problem that does n't exist ?
4	exactly voip and stuff like whatsapp are their enemies vs free calls and free sms ist what makes them really nervous ( for people from the us you wo n't believe how expensive mobile services are in the eu you surely wo n't believe what it costs to call abroad and abroad is so much nearer in europe than in the us it 's ridiculous
5	that 's the problem it is practically impossible to enforce plus every modern browser can simply disallow cookies it would be more productive to make a law that forces browsers to disable them by default ( i would be against any such law ) i think the intent of the law ( as stated by geon below ) is to disallow the tracking of users between sites but they only outlaw <> specific mechanism
6	the european union endorses net neutrality principles , which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing what on earth ? network neutrality ( http en wikipedia org wiki net neutrality ) is a principle which advocates no restrictions by internet service providers or governments on consumers ' access to networks that participate in the internet specifically , network neutrality would prevent restrictions on content , sites , platforms , the kinds of equipment that may be attached , or the modes of communication if they 're charging more for certain kinds of data , it 's not neutral what am i missing here ? the article got it right just a few paragraphs earlier when they said " the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page "
5	seeing as most of the infrastructure was funded by the government and that my figures are based on what the companies say which covers elecricity , the only bit it does n't cover is future investsments like advertisements or buying out lobbyists to help your cause
2	and apparently telstra and optus are now going to be doing voluntary filtering
4	sure he will they have internet in the netherlands
1	scumbag reddit claims to hate big government intrusion on the internet , asks for government to pass net neutrality
4	i ca n't argue against that
4	that superhighway had better support <> lane wide cars after we paid them hundreds of billions of dollars to support that and more and then they also charge us on top of that
3	as a network engineer , i have mixed feelings about this net neutrality can be either a great thing , or a terrible thing , depending on what regulations they impose while having " all traffic equal " sounds great on the surface , it could potentially cripple a lot of the progress the internet has made over the last decade the fact of the matter is that all traffic is not created equal voice traffic requires low latency and jitter , and policies need to be enforced at the isp level to ensure reliable delivery for all traffic types i would like to see more details on the netherlands ruling should be interesting
4	brb moving to the netherlands
5	unrelated comment singling out the us in <> <> <>
5	isp 's surely know how little <> downloading is costing them ? i heard it was <> <> , some people are being charge <> of that in costs let 's say you pay <> for internet a month , you 'd have to download <> , <> for them to lose money that 's <> films a month ( at <> gb ) or <> games ( at <> ) , you get the idea ? america you are being ripped off over your internet , it 's slow , capped and costly europe has faster ' unlimited ' internet for less
4	or you could you know , stay here and help carry on the fight to have this here in the states as well but what do i know
6	so this makes it illegal for mobile networks to charge extra for tethering there , right ?
6	holy strange thumbnails , batman !
4	yet another reason to love the dutch
4	is there anything not to love about the netherlands ?
2	to me , if someone caps my bandwidth , that is like telling me that i can only watch <> hours of cable tv a month if i watch more than that , i have to pay more where do you think cable tv would be today if they did that bullshit , if they capped your watching amount
2	maybe they think that charging differently for different types of data ( hd video , applications , movies , etc compared to small text files , ) would make it easier for telecommunication companies to start cutting off specific sites , thus breaking net neutrality ?
2	well here in australia we have metered intnernet ( <> a month ) but many isp 's offered unmetered content ( i know ours has a few radio stations , fetch tv , linux distributions and tivo as unmetered ) now that would n't be net neutral because it gives preference to certain content , but at the same time , nothing else is shaped or filtered it just comes out of your bandwidth
4	i suppose my point is isp 's provide a quantifiable finite resource ( bandwidth ) , and that should result in some kind of metered payment model and they should n't have anything to do with what people actually use that resource for only the size amount of it
2	inside joke )
5	as i mentioned in a comment buried deep ( http www reddit com r technology comments i76ld netherlands makes net neutrality a law c21lzvh ) here , this is not what the proposal says
4	i do n't see a problem with that as long as it 's consistent between customers you ca n't charge google <> million for the same connection speed bandwidth that you charge microsoft <> million for isps are still running a business with different levels of services and should be allowed to charge a fee in proportion to the services delivered perhaps regulations that mask the identity , propose and content of the customer when specs and costs are negotiated ?
4	it 's the other way around all subscriptions until now have full access with the new law they can also offer cheaper rates if you have some data types blocked
2	no no no the amendment ( https zoek officielebekendmakingen nl dossier <> ) says it has the following goals ( i'm reading amendment <> <> ) <> isps should not impede internet access in any way , unless necessary or required by law <> ( to limit the consequences of congestion ) different types of traffic have to be treated equally <> isps have to warn people about unexpected behaviour of their internet access ( spam ) <> isps may not block websites and or services , unless <> required by law enforcement there are <> more points , stating more or less the same
4	what if the customer is the website ? a hosting customer should n't be able to pay extra to have their competitors slowed down
4	that 's mostly partisanship i guess the constant " republicans try to dismantle it , democrats try to rebuild it " mess the nhs has similar problems not as severe due to it 's size though , any action against or for it is n't go to budge it as severely
6	reddit news because you would n't get it otherwise seriously , get up from the chair pay more attention to the news of the world or is that a bit too long ?
4	reddit news refuted in the top voted comment before it happens
5	not anymore (
6	reddit wo n't bring you local news maybe if you live in a major american city
2	further , smses use ' extra space ' in the signaling paths , so are completely free as the space would be used whether there was a message in it or not from wikipedia ( http en wikipedia org wiki sms initial concept ) the key idea for sms was to use this telephony optimized system , and to transport messages on the signaling paths needed to control the telephony traffic during time periods when no signaling traffic existed in this way , unused resources in the system could be used to transport messages at minimal cost however , it was necessary to limit the length of the messages to <> bytes ( later improved to <> bytes , or <> seven bit characters ) so that the messages could fit into the existing signaling formats
4	to be fair , that was n't vodafone , that was kpn
4	thanks for clarifying ( and putting that sad ceo 's image in my head now ) but the comment was n't really meant at you in particular just my little rant i wanted to share with the world
1	these same bastards in the u s for decades charged a ' fee ' to help offset the cost of implementing new infrastructure in the country to enhance services and add broadband services to more places instead , they pocketed the money into the tens of billions and did n't build out nowhere nearly as much as they said they were going to do and , they kept increasing their fees because of too much bandwidth being used to recap oh , we need to lay more lines for more bandwidth , so we are going to charge a special ' fee ' decades later oh , we do n't have enough bandwidth , so we are going to charge more and put a cap on bandwidth go fuck yourselves telecom companies i hate that i have at & t services , but the bastards have us by the balls because of their market monopolies
1	the mistake in that quote is one misplaced comma that makes all the difference it should read the european union endorses net neutrality principles which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing that 's how the new dutch law is what they 're saying is that providers are allowed to offer cheaper rates for subscriptions that block certain traffic and higher rates for subscriptions that do n't , but the have to give you the option for an unrestricted connection and they have to tell what is blocked otherwise
4	i got it ! but then again i am in the us and feel the same about the telecoms here
5	the biggest thing we complain about is the ov chipcard i'm dead serious that 's the biggest problem we seem to have here right now
5	gas prices are through the roof ( http www energy eu ) comparing to bordering countries
5	living here is very expensive , the weather sucks , the political climate is growing more extreme over the years due to immigrants , there is hardly any local cuisine to speak of , the local television movies and music sucks ( in my opinion at least ) , the people can be quite rude and the drugs and sex tourism is annoying ( though that 's more the fault of tourists )
3	when the government is regulating monopolies of isp 's , it 's hard to " vote with your wallet " unless you want dialup corresponding ( http www amazon com gp product b004ebt5cu ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin b004ebt5cu )
5	that just means the eu has another definition of how neutral neutral is the journalist did n't make a mistake , as far as i know
1	the european union endorses net neutrality principles , which state that telecommunication companies may charge extra for some services , but need to tell customers what they are doing more importantly than the fact that this is not net neutrality , not telling your customers that you charge extra for some services is probably fraud it does n't make sense how are you going to sell a service to someone if you do n't tell them it exists in the first place ?
5	the mood of people here is very dependant on the weather , and the weather sometimes sucks here that said , education is set up with the idea that anybody can have a title if you are smart enough internet broadband speed is nice , politics has some issues because it of the biggest party only having <> of the votes , but that is also a nice control mechanism there are almost none local movies and music , but most people are fluent in english anyways local quisine does exist , albeit you wo n't find it alot in restaurants tourism is hardly noticable unless you live in the big cities ( amsterdam especially ) that said , our local republical equivalent party the pvv can be a bit annoying , but they mostly thrived on the economical crash and are losing voters at the moment , housing can be quite expensive in the big cities and there is n't much nature or terrain ( where i live the biggest hill in a <> km radius will not be higher than <> meters )
4	the netherlands has the benefit of having a relatively small , insular population that finds it easier to voice it 's opinions larger countries ca n't manage what the netherlands can simply due to political and governmental size and scope
5	unfortunately there is also a part that forbids cookies the actual change to the telecom law ( http www tweedekamer nl images <> <> tcm118 <> doc ) that was voted in and the voting results ( http www tweedekamer nl images <> <> <> tcm118 <> pdf ) i could n't parse the dense legalese , but this news site ( http www nu nl politiek <> netneutraliteit opgenomen in telecomwet html ) reports that cookies are sort forbidden by the law een kamermeerderheid wil het gebruik van cookies alleen toestaan na expliciete toestemming het gaat dan niet om alle cookies , zo zijn er ook first party cookies waarin wachtwoorden worden onthouden zodat volgende keer gemakkelijker kan worden ingelogd translation a parliamentary majority wants to allow the use of cookies only after explicit permission the is not about all cookies , there are also first party cookies that are used to save passwords to ease subsequent logins
4	i like your analogy and point , but i 'd add ( and i realize this is tangential ) that the mail remains inefficient and unfair insofar as people who live in remote areas are being subsidized by others
4	but some traffic is marked fragile for good reason , and if it is handles the same as cargo , shits gonna get broken you ca n't treat a file transfer and voip the same , they have fundamentally different needs
6	really ? ca n't help but think of this as an example of social darwinism for a fraction of the cost of moving from the us to the netherlands , you could easily stay in the us and get around any problems the lack of net neutrality is causing you
6	is n't sweden that country with a majority of beautiful women ? , why would you want to leave
4	so true have an up vote
2	you speak above your head almost every isp , at least here in america , have qos for at least voip traffic some traffic needs to be realtime and is very bandwidth sensitive if you drop a handful of packets while browsing reddit , its gonna load a touch slower , and if you lose a few packets while streaming a movie , you 'll lose a few pixels if you drop a few packets from voip , it 's going to get all garbled and desynchronized and possibly disconnect there is nothing wrong with proper qos , nn aims to ensure that verizon voip is n't prioritized of skype or att voip
1	jesus christ shut the fuck up
5	when the government is regulating monopolies of isp 's , it 's hard to " vote with your wallet " unless you want dialup
2	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because it 's run by dickbags that want to ruin it ? not everybody has your paranoid fear of government there is no reason free market forces could n't solve this problem itself over time over time being the operative phrase regulation will solve the problem now
6	the more money it gets from the government or else it gets the hose again ?
6	why is there chaos ? perhaps chaos was the wrong word but it used to be so that all universities were assumed equal and they actually were up to a point now more and more discrepancies in quality grow between universities so you need to be more careful what you are going to study where also we have a big difference between <> types of school hbo ( hoger beroepsonderwijs ) and university , hbo is a lower form education but abroad they usually do n't know the difference and hbos use this to scam foreign students hbos have also been caught committing fraud with diplomas on many occasions it 's so bad they new started a new committee to screen all the institutions broadband in amsterdam and towns near amsterdam tend to have good broadband , right ? up to <> mbit down and <> orso up is everywhere in the netherlands , that 's good enough in principle but i'm just frustrated that we do n't have fiber yet while actually the main infrastructure is already there for like <> years the insurance is it similar to the us model ? no private insurance , yes , but it 's mandatory so everyone has it , and not as idiotic expensive as us ( <> month for me but i have cheap student insurance ) thing is about healthcare it 's <> of the economy it 's a ridiculously large and complex system i'm not just talking about the health insurance but the quality of the care itself and many many other things that are just poorly done in our system , it would take too long to go through all of it in one comment people waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist true with us as well but this has nothing to do with privatization i think in france nobody ever waits for a doctor , if a family doctor find a disease today you will have the extensive tests the day after the results in <> days and planning surgery within a week , but in the us even people with insurance can wait for a long time as i said healthcare is very complicated it 's not as easy as private vs public
4	the higher grade a school has ( students and various boards grade the schools ) , the more money it gets from the government kind of the reverse of how we have it here in the us , the worse a school is , the less money it gets you would n't think there 's a difference , but there is especially if you have a bad school that 's trying to dig its way out
4	it 's hardly a unbiased analysis i am dutch too , and overall am very satisfied with our social system , even though i consider myself liberal nobody ever gets denied healthcare , insurance is mandatory and pretty cheap i attend a university and generally am pretty satisfied
4	i 've been here for <> weeks now , and i have to tell you that i 've not yet encountered someone who does n't speak at least a little english here i work at a dutch it company and everyone speaks english really well , even those who say they ca n't speak english ! the most difficult thing is going to the supermarket or riding public transportation in the supermarket , although everyone speaks english , almost every product does n't have english ingredients and instructions ( i usually go to albert heijn , as there 's one in almost every corner ) about the public transportation , the problem is that , for instance , if you want to ride the tram , you have to have a chipkaart , which is a very strange system ( you have to check in and check out ) , and the machine where you pass the card only has dutch inscructions besides that , it 's a wonderful country , people are very reserved but everyone respects the other , and you do feel you 're in a country that values their personal liberties
4	english is a mandatory course from ages <> till <> , so everyone is able to express themselves in english most people still construct sentences wrong , by dutch grammar rules , but still
4	afaik food in supermarkets is cheaper than in the us ( at least for fresh vegetables and fruits ) , eating out and take out is more expensive and less common in the netherlands rent is relatively expensive , because the country is pretty densely populated transportation is expensive if the us had our gas prices , there would be nation wide riots gas ( benzine ) is more than <> per gallon taxes on non efficient cars are high , but lower on more more efficient cars public transportation is a mixed bag if you can get a discount card for bus or tram , prices are decent , but if you have to pay the full price , travel can get expensive ( esp by train ) but on the other hand , we have a very extensive public transportation network minimum wage is quite high <> per month , but i think salaries for higher skill jobs is lower than in the us income taxes are progressive , up to <> edit so some taxes cost are quite high , but you can get government subsidies for lots of things if you make less than a certain amount of money you can get subsidies for health care payments , rent , education , etc
6	so what ? an american has it light years better than a nigerian question to you what does that say about the american health care system ? a nothing it 's not a competition and i'm not judging on a relative scale also , and i know i'm getting off track here but whatever , arguably the american healthcare system mainly has a problem with distribution of wealth , not mainly with quality of care this is a political choice that impacts many people just like many other political choices , but it does n't mean it 's necessarily a flaw in the healthcare system the question " should we care for others ? " is not one to be answered by technocrats who design a system it 's a moral question that must be answered by a society itself
4	well thanks , but now i read my own comment back i see it 's actually quite poorly written i hope you still thought it was helpful i wrote some more extensive incoherent rambling here ( http www reddit com r technology comments i76ld netherlands makes net neutrality a law c21irig ) in an attempt to clarify some stuff
4	completely agree
2	clearly you have n't been on the said forums enough p bad dangerous driving horrible customer service rude people difficult to make friends easily i could go on & on ) obviously some of these are exaggerated claims , but as an expat myself , i do agree with a couple of points )
4	well , beyond the weird party thing , i 'd say those traits are increasingly common in most countries , so it 's not that bad
5	do n't mind me , just bookmarking this for later trips to netherlands
6	maybe but i'm irritated by internet companies and it , admittedly , can make me see red instead of the point sometimes so , in relation to my metaphor , how does your metaphor work with against it ? cable uses bandwidth either through pumping tv to your house or hdtv how is using the internet <> <> really any different ? it 's probably less bandwidth in comparison to someone watching <> <> hd tv anyway , let me know what you think
2	you ca n't explain that
6	that 's usually how it starts , but you 'd be surprised what can be " linked " to cp
1	what asshole said we were rude ? !
2	you 'd never hear anyone in canada or the us say " oh wow your hair looks shit today " to some this is rude , but i would like to hear it if my hair really does look like shit today so i can fix it
4	well , there is a reason " going dutch ( http en wikipedia org wiki going dutch ) " is synonymous to paying small fees ftfy " dutch courage " courage acquired from drinking liquor " dutch nightingale " a frog " dutch wife " a narrow bolster put between the legs to soak up sweat when sleeping in tropical climates " dutch concert " an unmusical racket " dutch oven ( http en wikipedia org wiki dutch oven ( practical joke ) ) " practical joke i for one , blame the british for those names c i bet they were jelly because we kicked their ass in the <> century <>
2	uuh you mean like kfc ? yeah those are rare and we have no local equivalent
4	every time i read some about the netherlands it 's some awesome , good , forward thinking news is there anything wrong about that country you do n't like ?
4	thanks for the honest answer socialists in the us usually try to use european countries as ' model nations ' , so it 's tough to find these kinds of unbiased analysis written in english
2	and fap to cp the only problem with that statement is in how cp is made that 's why it 's repulsive , not that people get off on it
2	we have the same issues with healthcare in sweden the socialists are against the privatization because it 's " unfair " and not everyone can afford it even though it is subsidized by the government ( you pay a small fee upon visiting the hospital ) people waiting several months before they get an appointment to see a specialist the insurance is it similar to the us model ? broadband in amsterdam and towns near amsterdam tend to have good broadband , right ? why is there chaos ? people accepting ignorance and not caring about studying or because money is becoming more important ? sweden is having a reward system set up the higher grade a school has ( students and various boards grade the schools ) , the more money it gets from the government
4	healthcare our system is awesome an insurance company has to accept every applicant who wants to be insured by law i pay <> euro 's a month , and covers everything i ever need including every hospital visit , dokters appointment and medicine i ever need dental is insured up to <> euro because my girlfriend is still studying she is insured for <> euro a month and we get back <> of it ( <> euro a year ) i know something about the healthcare system because i 've used it to full potential this last year , having a burnout and it turns out i'm anaphylactic to kiwi ( never knew that until i was rushed to the hospital ) education is fine perhaps we do n't teach as well as we used to , but we acknowledge that and are changing it for the best my <> year old niece can count to twenty in english ( might have something to do with dora ) i 've been able to get a university degree without ending in debt every student gets a basic student loan which you have to pay back without interest , unless you graduate , after which it 's absolved i 've given some examples of why our system is awesome now give me your examples why it 's not !
4	<> euro 's for <> in eindhoven but that 's because i'm a student , so that does n't really count ( would normally be around <> ) http www speedtest net result <> png
2	healthcare is dreadful let me ask you a question do you run the risk of going bankrupt if you have a medical emergency ? no ? then do you have people putting off getting basic medical care because they " ca n't afford it " , or because their insurance will drop them ? no ? then you have it light years better than the us does
4	that that 's expensive ? our " decent " colleges start at <> usd <> euro per year and the government provides us with loans my health insurance is <> a month plus copays , glasses and dentist not included ( how how you guys doin that ? what are the costs of living like ? food , rent , transportation ?
2	healthcare used to be free , but that was when you could get <> kbps on your ( no flat fee ) phone line when the internet wind was blowing in the right direction student debts accrued still do not count against your credit rating ( important when getting a mortgage ) and have sub market rates i 'll be repaying <> eur a month till i'm <> but other than that , no repercussions
4	and very , very , very sexy women or so my visits have learned me
4	how 's life there as a non dutch speaker ? i 've been spending a lot of time lurking r iwantout and have been seriously considering uk or netherlands
2	what if an isp decided to peer with google and make microsoft use normal transit ?
4	i think something like medicare medicaid social security is necessary and that eliminating the profit motive from medicine should minimally be a long term goal there is also a massive amount of waste due to old bad policies or just not adapting to modern technology as i said , this is a problem with most governments one example being states discouraging the transition to electronic document filing illinois charges <> for an llc corporation to file online because it is more convenient , even though it should save the state money another more recent thing i have learned is medicare pays the exact same amount for things like cpap machines no matter what they cost which encourages equipment providers to use the cheapest equipment available , even if that is n't what is best for the patient i was also required to have <> in testing , which was paid for by medicare medicaid , to get a cpap machine back ( noncompliance , long story ) that i could have gone online and spent maybe <> on even though my blood oxygen level still dropped well below <> with a pulse oximetry test
4	this is exactly what we want to prevent from happening
4	trust me when i say i go out of my way to behave last thing i want to do is piss of the country that i am visiting all that will do is make it so i ca n't continue to visit there and quite frankly , i love the netherlands , my family is from there and hopefully one day i will live there
4	i know and it bothers me i'm not too familiar with this case in switzerland , racist hate speech has been forbidden by law some years ago ( it 's called the anti racism article ) of course , this does n't stop it from happening on an alarmingly daily basis but it gives victims witnesses the chance to prosecute
4	i agree as i said , i am not up to date on the particular case
3	i'm not sure what your point is as i said to purehatred , i was n't trying to say wilders is as bad as hitler , i was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech
4	when you rule a country without free speech i think you more or less have it
4	i was n't trying to say wilders is as bad as hitler , i was merely trying to point out that there should be a limit to what is considered free speech
4	you 're thinking " nevermore , " the netherlands is a euphemism for the genital area
3	wo n't make any difference this is n't in the news here at all , strangely enough
4	actually it was on a lot of news sites like nu nl , more than <> hours ago
4	well , there is a reason " being dutch " is synonymous to paying small fees also , dutch are known for being quite rude , albeit more in the sence we like to be more direct to the point
2	well a lot of the things probably can be applied to a lot of other countries as well but here it goes lack of quality supermarkets food ( supermarket wars have resulted in cheap but low grade food compared to some other countries ) we are really not that openminded towards other beliefs and foreigners as we like to belief we have no clue about proper lines as a result we clog up entrances on example public transport where it becomes survival of the fittest we have no clue how to do a proper birthday party , in best dutch tradition everyone sits around in a circle with drinks and snacks in the middle very intimidating if you are not familiar with a lot of the people on said party because you might end up next to people you do n't really like ( http www invader stu com holland ? p <> ) red pants are in fashion for men which is butt ugly i can tell you we have become a society based on individuals with no clue what is happening around us unless it is a annoyance to us and more p based on those expat forums not my own view ( although some things are correct to certain degree )
4	vodafone said the law would inevitably " lead to a large increase in prices for mobile internet for a large group of consumers " as it could no longer single out heavy users for higher charges soooo they raise prices if they do , raise prices if they do n't surprise surprise
1	those very same companies almost forced us to get used to using a lot of bandwidth they practically gave it away then , after we 've gotten used to that , they wanted to charge us for it , " since it costs them so much money "
2	those companies will punish their subscribers with higher rates because they wont be able to redefine their archaic business model to be profitable we 'll find out who the clever companies are
1	the eu is just a bunch of idiots who do n't know what they 're talking about the netherlands is not the same as the eu this bill was passed in the netherlands , not in the eu
4	there is no widely accepted definition of nn currently as rhtimsr1970 states , isps must have some form of traffic management to make sure the day to day internet is working i do n't see a problem in creating a tiered internet by introducing quality of service ( qos ) , as long as there is no discrimination between companies using the tier high latency sensitive content such as voip should not be lagging as it would deteriorate the quality of voip as long as all voip companies have equal access to this tier , everyone benefits because you get a better product the potential problem the commission is addressing is anti competitive discrimination where ex vonage is treated better than skype this would distort the market and leave consumers with fewer choices the commission is taking a hands of approach while giving member states the chance to implement further rules if necessary , as is the case in the netherlands otherwise competition should , at least in theory , prevent isps from engaging in net neutrality breaches tldr qos is not a problem as long as it is done with equal access and transparency
4	never a miscommunication
5	way to miss the point
4	thanks to this comment now i'm eating ( mini ) stroopwafels after seeing them in the supermarket
5	i could n't find any fried chicken
5	technically it 's caramel syrup not honey the name 's already been stated by several of my peers
4	try frikandellen and kroketten they 're delicous
4	it would be helpful if you actually came with arguments and examples to support your view , instead of claiming that those in support of the system are simply ignorant
4	their exports boomed and extra money flowed inward ikea what you did there
6	what are you talking about ? have you seen what the university of edinburgh , for example , charges for tuition ?
1	holy shit ! you get <> <> s and yet your connection is still faster than <> of the us ? man , that 's fucked ! this is my result ( http speedtest net result <> png ) it 's okay , i guess my results are at roughly the same percentile as yours , but mine are for the netherlands i guess the us really does have crappy isps , then
1	have you seen fox news ?
4	that 's the plan it 's not final yet but i fear for the worst man , i'm not happy with the current government at all it 's far too right for my taste ( although it 's probably quite leftish seen through us eyes ) i would have loved a red green government ( pvda , sp , groenlinks and d66 ) maybe next term
4	no need to make it personal i realise my original comment was very appropriate , and i 've already made that clear
4	no , i did n't make a comparison i was just attempting to find an example where totally free speech is n't a good idea
4	nice what do you pay for that ?
4	you 're thinking of the netherworld the netherlands is the second studio album by nirvana
5	except that you could then pretty much manage a country more on a state level with a smaller federal government
1	have you ever seen a train station in germany ? sure , we love to bitch on our public transportation but it 's heaven compared to our neigbouring countries
4	ov is public transport , for those that have no idea there is a new system where everything is done electronically , which in some cases causes troubles i personally have had no problems , but i never have to check in or out , so i might not be the best person to look at edit missed a part of a sentence
5	well , there 's that whole racism thing
2	what , you do n't like raw herring ?
4	hey , come over to belgium then ! we have n't got a government , but we do have some great local television , movies and music ) best of all it 's only a few blocks away !
4	try london everything is worse there fish chips , bad weather , worse food , mary fucking poppins , london ! ( thanks avi )
4	so why not live somewhere else ? kankerpit !
4	the idea it enshrines is that all internet traffic should be treated equally , regardless of its type be it video , audio , e mail , or the text of a web page my understanding of net neutrality was that it allowed for qos , but not filtering or throttling based on source or destination it seems strange to me to treat voip packets in exactly the same way as packets from a <> file download in a bandwidth scarce environment
6	the government pays you ? ! ? ! ? !
2	my goodness tell me again why every country ca n't do this ?
4	you get great deals on apostrophes , too
4	it 's funny that we , the dutch , have a public outcry ( i have to admit i was pretty pissed off as well ) when the prime minister announced they were thinking about raising the college education costs up to <> ( ! ! ! ) a year , but then i stopped and thought about it , about how us students end up having tens of thousands ( some med students even hundreds of thousands ) of dollars in debt , and realized we got it pretty fucking good here banib like laurensber said it 's pretty awesome please keep in mind that that <> a month for the health care package is only for those who can afford it if you do n't got a full time job , or not earning enough the government chips in i , for example , am a <> year old student and thus have not a full time job , so i receive <> a month to pay for my health care
4	so it 's still expensive but very affordable it 's not even nearly expensive , compared to any other country in the world with all the studiefinanciering , a part time job and free public transportation , dutch students have it easy
4	tl dr life is awesome here
4	another big plus for foreigner tourists in the netherlands because a little country is too small a market for tv film companies to bother with dubbing , almost everything is subtitled ( unlike france or germany ) which , as a result , means that most dutch people can speak understand english you can walk up to a dutch guy girl and start talking in english and he she will probably reply in english without batting an eyelid
4	so if i moved and attained a permanent residency there , would life be good ?
5	your concept of expensive and mine do n't match up i'm paying the equivalent of <> euros a month for health insurance , and a <> <> hour stop in the emergency room for sudden onset abdominal pain ( kidney stone ) ended up costing me an additional <> euros after the insurance had paid its part two and a half hours cost me almost as much as you pay for a whole year , and that 's without what i'm ( over ) paying for the coverage
2	you provided the wikipedia definition which comes from tim wu and berners lee , but i dont want to nit pick about the definitions instead i want to say that we agree on the major parts of nn as the eu law states " end users should be able to decide what content they want to send and receive , and which services , applications , hardware and software they want to use for such purposes , without prejudice to the need to preserve the integrity and security of networks and services " so the " public access to information and the freedom to transmit information " is safeguarded by the commission , and rightly so the point where we disagree is about what provides the best innovation on the content side in my opinion , having equal access to the internet and a high degree of competition among the isps , will provide more opportunities for future innovation even though there are two tiers , companies that create a new latency sensitive product will automatically have access to this tier this can in itself create new opportunities , for instance in the health sector imagine an ambulance where the doctor can sit in the hospital and direct the paramedics while the ambulance is on route it is paramount that the connection is stable , because without the stable connection this kind of product will not be safe to use and thus will not be fully developed the potential problem is not that new services can get faster speeds , but that the isps can favour certain companies over others this would be a huge entry barrier to new startups we dont know what kind of innovation the future will bring , but if there had been strict nn laws set in place <> <> years ago ( no tiering at all ) that could have been a barrier for voip applications the internet is still young and evolving , and i fear regulations may have potential negative externalities that have unintended consequences that said , if isps engage in market distorting practices , by all means regulate like in the current case in the netherlands
5	busted
5	you ca n't , for example , exempt your voip solution while still throttling skype or vonage pretty sure most cable companies put their own services on a different channel than the internet and any shaping done at their backbone is not going to affect their own systems if they are provided locally and the main ways i can think to get around this issue are pretty stupid especially when you consider that cable tv could just as easily fall under those same restrictions
2	the issue is that it 's easy to get them mixed up regulation is great if you want things to work like the banking system mis informed , anti consumer , pro rich " regulation " is pretty much what everyone does n't want people know what they want , but most of them do n't have the capacity to express it
4	net neutrality is more concerned with what goes through the pipes than the bandwidth or speed of the pipes themselves an isp ca n't make google com to run <> slower than bing com , for instance , but they can charge two different customers a different price for two different connection speeds
4	lease low latency lines guarantee bandwidth while automatically reducing bandwidth to compensate over public fiber none of what you 're mentioning violates net neutrality
5	ah , i see i do n't really have an explanation for that i guess that you could define opposition of the ' normal ' net neutrality principle as a net neutrality principle as well i'm guessing that 's what the writer meant
2	well , usually along with nn , a lot of nn advocates will also advocate for increased transparency into the workings of the isps
1	also it 's quite overpopulated !
3	no , it 's horrible at night , all the regular tv channels switch to porn shows i'm not kidding run far far away !
2	i think it 's the other way around an influx of good foreign bands might be stifiling competition from less experienced local bands your scene ca n't develop
4	i 'd agree with that most music i hear out there is the same music i listen to here in fact i 've even heard lesser known local rap from atlanta make it popular out there
4	relevant thumbnail
5	but think of the money it brings in hotels , restaurants and the coffeeshops benefit as well as the country as a whole from the tax revenues coming to think of it , i 've never seen any problems arise from coffeehops minus the drunk tourists from europe the american stoners are there for the reefer and museums , not bars
4	yeah , i 've only lived in big cities and everyone always hate tourists
2	nope , most of the moroccan youngsters you notice there still is a vast majority of that moroccan age group that causes to problems whatsoever mind you , i do not condone the behavior of this minority , but let 's be fair also do mention moroccan girls , who are doing really fantastic compared to their counterparts of other immigrant or even dutch heritage
6	you were probably joking , but there are actually a lot of cities in between
5	sad but true
4	most of the young dutch people living in those same neighborhoods are too it 's not a matter of ethnicity , it 's a matter of environment
1	" most of the " absurd statement most of the young moroccans go to school , study , have jobs , try to do their best etc check the numbers , idiot ! and i'm amazed you received these upvotes who are these ignorant people ?
5	i do n't get that article first , it says we have a " neutral " net excepting that it 's nowhere near as neutral as it should be , ok but then he gets upset that we 're trying to preserve that we 're calling for regulation that will keep it the way it is apparently he has n't been listening when comcast decides to fuck with bittorrent traffic , or when the ceo of at & t says that they should be paid by google when consumers access google 's sites
4	my isp throttling bit torrent traffic begs to differ and since that isp controls the majority of the dsl networks in the area ( as they layed down the majority of the cables when they used to be state owned ) , if i switch it makes no difference as my packets still get throttled through those networks i do not have net neutrality , right now neither do a lot of people
5	so more akin to say , ups fedex instead of usps which i 'd certainly be in favor of for isps
5	those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well we are quite bad at following money once we give it away
5	how would getting up help ? the best case scenario is that i run into news tv or a newspaper , and those are like reddit with a way longer update schedule most of the time , i'm not within reach of news at all but not on reddit
1	reddit who you trust when you 're too lazy to watch the news yourself
5	we do n't have cnn in the netherlands
1	uh that still sounds like bullshit wtf would i need to pay more just so i can have access to the full internet ?
1	those fees were in addition to taxpayer money that we gave them to improve infrastructure as well we are quite bad at following money once we give it away
4	wo n't matter what america does affects everyone 's net
4	congratulations , the netherlands no longer has any isps which can price things how they want , and is now overseen by the government
6	does that mean netherlands now can sue u s companies which violate that dutch law ?
2	whelp , i'm moving to the netherlands probably holland , that 's where my ancestry came from legal drugs , prostitution , and open internet for all , and wheels of cheese what 's not to like ?
5	why demand the government get involved in regulating your most cherished industry ? because some carriers do things you do n't like ? get a new carrier ! ! there is no reason free market forces could n't solve this problem itself over time now that you let the government control a piece of it , it will keep gobbling up more responsibilities in that sphere until it creates god knows how many problems sigh edit ipad spelling fail also , as user ' rule ' pointed out above , the law bans cookies that 's really and issue i want my politicians deciding for me thank god for the government
4	well done netherlands , now you must fight to keep it and expand it !
4	reddit , reddit , reddit so trusting of governments anywhere so distrustful of corporations all the while closing your eyes to the fact that the corporations pay the politicians to pass the laws the corporations want passed for example " historically , the fcc has sometimes shown more concern for the demands of corporate lobbyists and ' public decency ' advocates than it has for individual civil liberties " electronic frontier foundation ( eff )
4	just go ride yer bikes , ye nederlander
4	" however , isps said they need to discriminate because unchecked traffic from some applications , such as games or file sharing programs , can slow down their entire network for all customers " big isp companies are always blabbing how big their network is and how fast and how reliable it is they even said that a few people can not affect the quality of all the customers but now they are saying otherwise yet everyone has to pay the high price of the bill because their big , fast and reliable network can not handle a few specs of data from one single user oh please , i'm tired of hearing bullshit from isp comapnies it 's ok for them to make money , but it has to be fair for everyone
4	great , so all dutch internet users will pay more for internet access because of the <> that game and stream around the clock
5	this i'm on reddit way too much
5	it 's more like if you paid a bit in taxes , and they laid out a new superhighway just because it 's an entire superhighway , does n't mean you do n't need to stay in your lane , and you certainly ca n't expect the system to work if everyone goes out and buys <> lane wide cars because they deserve to use the whole road
5	well , no , not really that 's just the modern marketing promoted by netizens the truth is that networks must have restrictions placed on them by isps for reasons ranging from switch house overloads to basic infrastructure upgrades codifying a law that denies " any restrictions " is pointless better to define what the restrictions are and be transparent about where the bottlenecks are , what causes them and how the cause and solution can exist in parity
5	probably a lot , as a dutch person myself i spent some time on a expat forum because i was curious about how the netherlands are perceived apparently there is a lot to dislike about us and our country p i could make a list p
5	when really stoned in amsterdam , the selection of food is not quite as vast as i would hope for that is my only complaint about the netherlands
1	your right , companies get infrastructure for free , and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity you ever rip up a street to lay a new line ? it is n't cheap i'm not saying they do n't gouge the hell out of us , but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs is n't fair either
1	your right , companies get infrastructure for free , and you just have to pay for the cost of electricity you ever rip up a street to lay a new line ? it is n't cheap i'm not saying they do n't gouge the hell out of us , but to say that we should only pay what the bandwidth itself costs is n't fair either
5	i'm not rich enough to help its gotta be at least a million bucks to buy a rep nowadays
1	that was the pvda ( partij van de arbeid i e " labor party " ) whom voted for an internet filter , while that was not their plan ! sucky translation available here ( http translate googleusercontent com translate c ? hl en & ie utf8 & prev t & rurl translate google com & sl auto & tl en & twu <> & u http frontpage fok nl nieuws <> <> <> <> pvda stemt per ongeluk voor internetfilter html & usg alkjrhghag bouyt l0 nuhuc6oooq3yg )
5	the weather
2	you made the comparison there is a special layer of hell reserved for you people scum
2	and i was trying to point out that hitler and his nazi fellows should n't be dragged into discussion about free speech ( hardly in any discussions ) because to be honest if a discussion comes to a point where this is really necessary it has gone to shit anyway and is n't worth discussing godwin 's law ( http en wikipedia org wiki godwin <> law ) and it is common interpretation says it already , whenever hitler is mentioned the discussion is basically finished and or you lost the discussion since there is plenty much more to be discussed i think you just lost the discussion ( also confirmed by your downvotes )
1	you can legally buy marijuana with a medical license in california sweden ? not so much and if you 're not in california ( or one of the states with mmj laws ) ?
5	here ( http www alternet org drugs <> the <> worst states to get busted with pot ? page entire ) is a brief list for easy demonstration of bad laws that i found now since sweden is not made up of states with individual laws , let 's keep with the federal laws perhaps ? if not , in how many states can you get a dispensary license ? also , does n't the federal police strike down on legal dispensaries from time to time ? as i said , they are far from good , so you 're not going to get me saying they are " better " degrees in hell i guess also as far as i'm aware , you can now get a prescription in another country in eu and bring it home to sweden a guy recently tried this and he succeeded eventually believe me , i would love to piss on bejerot 's ( http en wikipedia org wiki nils bejerot ) grave if i could , but it does not change facts you 've simply got a lot more people with bizarelly harsh convictions for possession than sweden
6	no , that has been blown out of proportion ( http www crikey com au <> <> <> has australia really banned small breasts )
6	please tell me you 're joking ?
4	ah yes , you 're talking about the febo as sweet as the food in the wall is , it 's better fresh
4	thanks i'm going to chew on this
1	you can only limit free speech when it 's becoming slander or when you 're attacking a single person attacking ideas and groups of persons is what free speech is all about you ca n't limit that
2	that and agreements with content providers to pay for transit but really any form of packet discrimination , because they have emotions too ( http tools ietf org html rfc5841 ) , you know !
2	does n't the australian government consider everything child porn ?
2	supposedly it was in r australia a few days ago i 'd link it , but i'm on my phone
4	healthcare is mandatory and awesome , <> euros a month including dentist and glasses and such broadband is <> euro 's for <> , pay more and you can get up to <> mb in some area 's education is <> euro 's a year and the government pays you about <> so it 's still expensive ( with book and living costs and such ) but very affordable
4	pretty good broadband cheap and fast i pay <> euros for a combined cable , phone and <> healthcare private , but you get compensated under a certain income if you 're unemployed you get about <> euros a month to cover costs the down side is that everyone pays <> income tax as a minimum still , the streets are clean , crime is low and employment opportunities are high it 's a fair trade
3	be careful asking such questions on reddit you will get an extremely biased view from most redditors , just like you might get a distorted view of the us if reddit is your only new scource healthcare is dreadful the only people who like the healthcare system are people who know absolutely nothing about the healthcare system broadband <> of people have <> download speeds , unfortunately laying fibre networks is going very slow because of eu interference if you life in the right place you 'll have true broadband speeds like <> <> education we are in the process of destroying our education so it 's mediocre in many places now we used to have a guaranteed standard so all education was equally good in all places ( in theory anyway ) but now it 's a bit more chaos , like it is in the us system really look out where you are going to study edit sorry i wrote this in haste , my english is actually better than what you might assume from this comment
4	i am an atheist republican who thinks people should be allowed to read about bombs and fap to cp
4	broadband is awesome here paying <> euros for <> mbs with no cap
4	sweden has worse drug laws than the us no we do n't the drug laws are far from good , but how are they worse than the us ?
2	you are flawed in thinking that companies live by " what is legal " they live by providing a service to other people look at reality a company tried it , it did n't work , so they are n't doing it any more no law required
5	so it 's solving a problem that does n't exist gotya
1	because no country is perfect ? he asked for things we did n't like about about our country i'm happy at how right i was with " the people can be quite rude " though
5	you forgot the beer !
5	they 're actually implementing this at the border , not in amsterdam as far as i know
5	hutspot is ok , but for our cuisine , having imported a few cultures was quite a blessing a man can eat cooked potatoes only so many times a week without losing his sanity
4	i meant the local music if it were any good , we would n't need to constantly get these foreign musicians to do shows here gabber originated from the netherlands
5	immigration is a problem in more ways than just " dey took our jerbs " it has a lot to do with illegal sex trade and the abuse of the prostitution system to maintain a network of sex slaves in the red light district
5	not really , this might sound racist , but most of the young ( <> <> ) moroccans are really rude , break steal stuff ect
2	i 'd say that 's the political climate growing more extreme ? maybe i did n't phrase it properly , i did n't mean to pass judgement to pass judgement the pvv and their kind are idiots who just want to yell popular things , though the immigrant criminals and anti social kids are n't helping either
2	which kinda sucks if you live there edit and let 's face it , most of us do you either live in amsterdam , or near the border there 's not much in between )
5	nope , but there it 's really bad i hate what amsterdam has become and how it makes the whole country look do n't get me wrong , i'm actually quite proud of our drugs and prostitution laws , but this by far is n't what our entire country is about i wish i could drag some of those tourists to some other towns so they wo n't just tell their friends back home " netherlands is a crazy party country <> <> smoke everyday whoooo "
5	i think americans would be skinnier
1	your up is faster than my down i hate you
4	correctly , at that
2	not to mention our current government they 're busy turning this place into some kind of reaganistan with xenophobic fringe benefits
4	its awesome isnt it ? you just dont want us to move there !
2	due to immigrants ? due to people making a fuss over immigrants is what i would say
1	i 've never noticed sex tourism outside of amsterdam and drugs tourism is something that only happens in amsterdam and most bordertowns
5	local quisine patatje oorlog , hutspot , raw herring
5	the music ca n't be that bad almost every artist here in the states makes it a point to do atleast one show a year in amsterdam in fact every time i am in amsterdam i find several concerts to go to
4	sounds like i need to move there and start a rock n' roll band
4	sounds like america , sans the good stuff
4	sounds a lot like norway except for the tourism part p
2	maybe i'm imagining this but did n't the dutch government ( or perhaps just amsterdam ) revise the rule concerning marijuana to just cover residents rather than tourists ?
5	more like australia , the internet laws here are beyond retarded
5	the reasons it was passed was because there was a direct need for it the largest company ( which from the state some <> years ago ) started to 'd eep inspect ' the traffic , so that it could , in the future , could ask extra payment for internet stuff that makes texting and calling obsolete so it was also a privacy issue , or mostly a privacy issue , besides a free market ideal
5	for european standards , it 's second only to the uk in expensiveness
5	from what i hear it is really high standard of living if i'm not mistaken
4	brb netherlands
5	alright , i'm going to leave sweden as soon as i'm done with my education and move to the netherlands
1	damned dutch , always ahead of the curve
1	awaits the trolls saying how wonderful europe is when the reality its a shithole
5	i already terminate my traffic there
5	proud <> b dutch ) edit save for all the other crap our national ( and eu ) politicians put us up with this one works , but allll the other stuff is plain stuhpid
1	dammit ! misleading thumbnail
4	one interesting point here is how net neutrality interconnected with privacy labour mp martijn van dam , one of the bill 's co authors , said that kpn was similar to " a postal worker who delivers a letter , looks to see what 's in it , and then claims he has n't read it "
4	i want to go to there
5	call me when they make milhouse a meme
5	sorry to disappoint , but this is n't true see , the netherlands is this make believe place where peter pan and captain hook live
1	yeah , this one really snowballed and has never been corrected
5	at first i read pedo <> life
5	ik heb ervaring uit de eerste hand met het rechtssysteem , studeer namelijk rechten en indirect met de zorg , doordat mijn moeder is behandeld voor lange tijd dus op beide punten kan ik best een gefundeerde mening geven
1	what the fuck
5	i'm guessing <> eur , including telephone and tv
2	for a scottish student studying their first degree ? zero pounds , zero pence my fees would be <> , however they are entirely paid by saas , the student awards agency for scotland as they are for all scottish students studying their first degree , regardless of parental income
2	no , because those agreements unavoidably come at the detriment of their competitors " no , because yes indeed " ? have you had your morning coffee yet ? ) should myspace have been able to pay to slow down facebook ? how about msnbc paying to slow down fox news ? those practises are already illegal under antitrust law it 's facebook paying at & t for a bigger pipe to their network , or even any pipe at all at & t would love to be paid by time warner , amazon , google , etc for allowing them on their tubes because frankly , selling co location services to cdns does n't earn their ceo a g6
5	you 're thinking of nevermind the netherlands is a military strategy game involving robots that was developed for commodore <> in the late <>
5	the higher tuition fees for a second master or bachelors degree are final it 's a pvda ( plasterk ) plan from the previous cabinet fortunately i was able to circumvent the higher fees by being registered to the first and second degree simultaneously for a month , and so being able to just pay the <> eur
4	luckily , i'm not living in the states unluckily , where i live has something like fox news too
4	interesting george orwell 's <> predicted the rest of the internetz aware that this was written in <> not relevant ( http ultimateebookstore com ultimate fotos di <> jpg )
8	of all the parts discussed in this article , this part struck the most true to me there will be a shift away from conventional workplace and school socialization friends , peer groups and alliances will be determined electronically , creating classes of people based on interests and skills rather than age and social class
4	it 's the right vision they just did n't anticipate html and high speed networking supplanting videotex aol and prodigy still used videotex for a while in the <> before windows <> and the web browser changed everything
4	except for some terminology , this is amazingly accurate this stood out to me '' videotex might mean the end of the twoparty system , as networks of voters band together to support a variety of slates maybe hundreds of them , '' it said
2	haw haw , you think your contributions to reddit discussions is determined by merit ? that 's a lol and a half have a downvote
1	fuck everything about this every time i think about this poor man that gave us so much , i get goosebumps and nearly weep
2	i read somewhere that the apple logo of apple computers may be a reference to turing 's method of suicide a poisoned apple
4	i definitely welcome this the trendy fanboys nowadays love to ride goog 's nuts but there are all sorts of huge issues with having google as powerful as it is ex google has admitted that it uses whitelists to manually override its search algorithms , more than a year after its european corporate counsel denied the existence of whitelists when defending the company against antitrust complaints in the eu <> ( http www theregister co uk <> <> <> google admits search algorithm whitelists ) so if a google algorithm " hurts " the ranking of a site that google likes , then they simply do n't apply that algorithm to that site however , if your site is not " liked " by google , then the algorithm will apply no matter what search engines can determine if a business lives or dies google handles more than <> of global searches , so if there is any whiff of bias then there is antitrust concerns complicating matters is the fact that google keeps expanding it 's scope to include more and more services for example , can a shopping comparison site ever hope to compete with google shopping ? google shopping is has become one of the main search categories displayed on google and then there 's the fact that search engines get " smarter " as more people use them google keeps all it 's advertising and user data for itself , which makes competing with google almost impossible the idea of having a company who makes billions and who cannot have a legitimate competitor is a serious issue
2	yet at the same time big conglomerates like time warner , viacom and others are allowed to consolidate and take over whole industries with nary a peep from the federal government ? am i wrong for thinking this is a little hypocritical ?
2	edit i think my comment was misinterpreted i think antitrust laws need to strengthened still , google wo n't be an easy case for the ftc to win , experts say under u s antitrust law , it is n't illegal to have a monopoly only to abuse it i think the antitrust laws are ridiculous the google is the closest you could get to " not abusing " a monopoly in most cases , there is no fair monopoly they do n't have to do anything special to " abuse " it google is working out great for a lot of consumers , but the question is do we want to have industries related to web based or electronic advertising and search services , or do we just want one basically public utility for that , run by the google ? of course we want to have the search and advertising industries continue to exist we do n't to be limited to only one option
4	google is not a monopoly because the barriers to entering the search market are low and google is not preventing anyone from doing it contrast this with microsoft you launch an os you need software to work on the os but microsoft ensures that software will only work on their os microsoft is a monopoly that damages america 's economy google is not
4	maybe google should offer the head of the ftc a high paying job like comcast did with the fcc
6	some companies complain about the way that google ranks its services in its " natural " search results is it wrong for google to always display it 's products first in its search results ? like if i google search for " email " , why ca n't gmail be the first thing that pops up ? i do n't get it
4	if google did that then no other email system could compete even if it was <> times as good and there was a lot of interest , google could kill it no one wants completion to be removed from web apps google is not a monopoly but if they did that they would be
2	for the same reason microsoft got in all kinds of troubles for having internet explorer the first browser people use with a windows system
4	i guess i just find it interesting that people made fun of bing for returning google as the top result for " search engine " , but google 's in trouble precisely because it may have rigged it to work like that
2	yeah , but there are definitely still some problems with temporary ghost images , and there 's also an issue with some areas of the screen wearing out faster than the rest for example , watching a lot of <> <> will leave the sides permanently brighter than the middle
6	plasma has not suffered from burn in issues for a long time i am not sure what you mean by training all new tvs need calibration to produce the best picture they do produce better colors after being used for a period of time my panasonic was <> hours they also have the highest refresh rates after dlp
4	the problem you are referring to is called image retention and it does occur in plasmas after a few years of use the image persistence is not permanent and fades within a second watching <> <> material does not permanently damage the set it can result in temporary image retention but that goes away as soon as you switch to full screen material , particularly if it is fast paced material just to be clear , i'm not trying to say your tv sucks ( whatever it is ) i'm just trying to clear up a lot of misinformation that is out there about plasmas it truly is a great technology and videophiles everywhere still use it ! you can go lcd if you like , but i really hope you 'll give plasma a look the next time you 're in the market for a new tv
4	i was worried about burn in as well , but got a <> " viera plasma last year for around <> that has been incredible it looks amazing ( detail , color , etc ) and motion is perfect no matter what sort of input i use ( lcd motion enhancement tech looks horrible to me ) i have n't had to do a damn thing to it , and it 's been the best tv i 've ever owned by far
4	i am quite happy with my viera , i bought a <> " for <> apparently you can hex edit in some models to unlock features have not had the balls to try this yet i think my <> " mitsubishi dlp is a far superior though
4	<> for plasma being better than the rest if picture quality is your main priority lcd screens with local dimming led backlights are still not to the point where their black level ( low light ) performance can match that of a plasma my understanding is that , because of edge bleeding , unless you get a single led backlight for every pixel on the screen , this will continue to be the case
4	cannot recommend this podcast highly enough http <> tv hypercritical <> skip to <> mins for discussion on tvs
4	trust your eyes i 've yet to see a calibrated lcd or led lcd best a calibrated plasma in image quality , vibrance , and black level look and feel when we 're talking top brands and high end devices , the differences are very small up to <> " , i 'd say that a panasonic or pioneer plasma is the way to go if you 're shopping on image quality alone of course , image quality is only one factor for most buyers you also have to consider mountability , weight , power consumption , price , and size hell , if you 're looking at <> inches of free wall space neither plasma nor lcd will do you 're going projection , dlp , etc
4	i 'll be buying a big plasma soon my families old <> " crt hdtv uses too much power
4	oled will take care of that , they have awesome blacks
6	if you are lookin into top of the line stuff , plasma beats everything else hands down in terms of picture quality as of right now but who knows , that could change once led technology becomes more mature
4	agreed , and i swear the led backlit lcds hurt my eyes
3	do n't forget maintainability ( which was a huge factor for me ) plasma can easily suffer burn ins and you have to " train " your tv when you first get it , a problem that usually does not exist for lcd 's leds
4	plasma has not suffered from that issue in nearly a decade
4	oled is definitely awesome but it has n't progressed far enough to get the longevity or screen sizes available with plasma and lcd hopefully that will change very soon
6	i agree , i think it should be far less i was just clarifying how the law works
4	well he has had <> years to make money and ca n't pass off a free license for " charity " that is just my personal opinion though
2	infringing on something that is <> years old copyright law as it stands is a joke
8	i think if the image was n't for an album then fair use would have applied however , in this case it would appear to be a copyright violation otoh , my opinion is that after <> years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain
2	my logic is probably flawed but i look at it like this <> did anyone who directly worked on the project receive direct financial gain ? <> is it possible to confuse the two works ? <> is the work in the spirit of the project ? can a <> bit system replicate the work ? <> how was the derivative work licensed ? <> did the creators understand licensing ? the licensed the songs so why did n't they attempt to license the picture ? <> how was the work created ? was it handmade or a stock filter with some values changed ? if it was just a filter how much were the values changed from the original photo ? i think the answers in this case would provide a pretty clear answer that said these pictures look an awful lot alike compared to his " legal " examples the artist is an ass imo for not just giving them a free or nearly free license
8	i do n't think he actually has a fair use case the work is not transformative , it is derivative , and it directly relies on the fame of the original that would have been fine if it was n't for profit and it was tied to a political or satirical goal it was n't it was art for profit , and not fair use
8	copyright does n't expire until <> or <> years after the creator 's death in the us it is <> years , but i believe it is <> years for most countries also , it does n't really matter whether the image was used for an album or not , fair use ( also called fair dealing in other countries ) does not work that way whether something is considered fair use has to do with ( among other factors ) the way in which the alleged offender copied , displayed and or adapted the original copyright work and for what purpose fair use is much less concerned with the original purpose or use of the artwork even if the photo was taken just for a family photo album , if you took that photo and pixelated it without the photographer 's permission , it is likely to be considered copyright infringement if andy were to have pixelated the image beyond recognition or had he combined it with other elements that made the new image far different from the original work , it may have been okay however in its current form , the image is just too similar to the original work that i can see how it may be considered a violation of copyright law it 's basically the exact photo with an <> bit filter applied , similar to taking someone 's photo and increasing the color saturation for example even if andy manually painted in each pixel to form the artwork , it still does not change the fact that it is essentially a direct copy of the original work with a minor stylistic change
8	otoh , my opinion is that after <> years and considering the original creators are deceased the original should be in public domain the photographer ( http en wikipedia org wiki jay maisel ) is still alive he 's the one that created the work that was allegedly infringed upon
8	with you until the " artist is an ass " part
1	the real question is why should someone keep getting paid for something they created <> years ago
5	that 's the rule the american people want or allowed others to have , even if they did n't want it
8	copyright does n't expire until <> or <> years after the creator 's death and in his opinion that is bad
5	a lot of accidents happen for many different reasons one of the things i dislike most about driving is that , by design , there are multiple of distractions to the driver internal gadgets and controls require the driver to take their attention off the road simply having conversations divert needed cognitive power away from driving roadside advertising pedestrians and cyclists should not use transportation arteries that are used by , or are in close proximity to , automobiles and then there are the problems with transportation design itself passenger cars use the same roadways as semi trailer trucks and large farm equipment when these collide , the passenger car loses also , the only thing separating vehicles from other vehicles is paint paint paint does not prevent collisions the automobile industry 's entire approach to safety is collision mitigation , not collision prevention automobile manufacturers do n't get together and talk about how they can prevent collisions they talk about how to keep you alive should you get into one so that you can purchase repair your existing vehicle i adamantly agree that revising transportation will save numerous lives , resources , wildlife , and infrastructure it needs to be the top third priority next to energy and environment
4	this would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy
4	this would actually solve both problems as making a flying car driver less would be fairly easy
4	presumably robots will tailgate but without the rage or distraction , they will be adept at handling those situations the drag reduction that comes with close following allows for much greater fuel efficiency and less wear on the vehicle it 'll be like having a fleet of professional drivers with passengers sitting back watching a movie this is such a crucial development
4	living in chicago , there 's potential for travel times
6	the problem is that dumb baby boomers will balk at this technology after the first fatality ( even if it was not the fault of the software ) they will accept <> , <> deaths year due to driver error than <> , <> year due to software i , however , fully and totally support this initiative i hope that within <> years you can buy cars with this technology i 'd buy one
8	not every accident is caused by poor driving , but a lot of them are even the accidents which would be " unavoidable " for humans might possibly be avoided by a computer cpus are so damn fast and the huge amount of information they could gather and process every second could allow for detection of dangerous conditions malfunctioning parts in microseconds
4	the google cars will drive great , that is unt no carrier
6	do n't you think they 'll have onboard calculation for this instead of just cloud based ?
6	good news for google , i suspect now the other <> just need to follow
4	i , for one , entrust robots with the safety of my vehicular travels
4	this is great news ! ! ! it removes one of the largest obstacles for creating vehicle platoons ( i e berkly study ( http www path berkeley edu path publications media factsheet vplatooning pdf ) , etc ) finally we can begin to reap the rewards of close following and platooning , which are not only ( apprx ) <> in fuel savings for the follow on vehicles , but also potentially great for traffic density and road capacity limits
6	i'm shocked i thought it would take years
6	over <> , <> americans died last year from car crashes that 's far more than the total american death toll from sept <> and both wars not every accident is caused by poor driving , but a lot of them are this issue could save more lives than any other except a major medical breakthrough
4	makes it easier to get a hummer from the prostitutes
4	time to go buy my dream car before normal cars are gone forever geo metro , here i come baby !
2	we wanted flying cars not driver less cars ! whatever
4	i was talking about these cars , reasoning why they would be better and it occurred to me that if some driver less cars were stopped at traffic lights , they could bunch up , bumper to bumper this would be for protection against any other cars rear ending them , spreading out the impact over all of the cars , as opposed to just the one at the back ( this being , as the google car demonstrated , being a remaining danger with autonomous cars )
4	yay progress
6	my only concern is how will the machines know when it 's time to be fixed whats happens if it breaks a small piece of the car ? does it know to stop ?
6	it 's all fun and games until lulzsec hacks your car
4	they should just make these all taxis so that they have an excuse to run over the tourists that cross the street anywhere they like on the strip
2	illinois already beat them by authorizing brainless government employees
4	nevada is a good testbed for this stuff actually it has a nice variety of driving conditions , but a fairly sparse population so they can stay away from traffic when they want to , and if they want traffic , they have las vegas and all the routes that go to it
4	much more than humans presumably robots wo n't tailgate , or get roadrage , or get distracted ( like the young woman who rear ended me a few weeks ago )
4	it has
4	the google cars will drive great , that is unt no carrier corresponding ( http www amazon com gp product b003vnkneq ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin b003vnkneq )
4	this is not about dumb baby boomers it is about human psychology and specifically misunderestimation of probability based on the frequency of of exposure it is not news when there are car accidents or even fatalities due to car accidents because they are so frequent on the other hand if an automated car crashes it is big news so it will get lots of coverage couple that with the natural fear of the new ( which is probably because of a higher survival rate of people who fear unknown animals ) however if there is a more gradual transition to into automated cars it should be much more successful for example ford is developing an early warning system that will alert the driver of a possible collision when changing lanes , approaching an intersection into which other traffic is not slowing ( rear end or side impact ) and more all it does to begin with is make a noise and turn on a light , but it could eventually control the brakes and throttle then all they need to do is add steering and you have a fully automated car , but using a slow transition that people will probably be more accepting of
4	as long as i can manually drive when i want need to
4	come to think of it i bet they do n't use hayes compatible modems , either
2	la is n't in nevada , silly p
4	i have a feeling that car manufacturers will still give drivers options for manual control , but there would be laws against utilizing manual control in unsafe situations for example , i would expect there to be a fine if you disengage auto pilot while in a tightly packed platoon at <>
2	oh shit ! i bet google has never thought of that possibility
3	also , you can have a <> lane la freeway packed at rush hour moving at a respectable speed better for commute times
6	out of driving <> , <> test miles so far , the google test vehicles claim only one accident , where their car was rear ended by a distracted driver
7	i wish them luck and profit but why would they enter a market dominated by the ipad even the android tablet makers are getting out of the market
6	i do n't see how google can be classed as a monopoly it 's not like they 're preventing someone else from starting a search engine , it 's just that nobody else has figured out how to do it better
2	i 'll prove you wrong an apple product has a positive attribute edit <> days have now passed and nothing i am fucking baffled
1	xd this guy
1	bs where did you go to school ? namibia ? i apologize bad spelling and writing just turn my fucking crank people who get their spelling corrected for free should be grateful
2	too bad
6	my mind ca n't process this comment
1	oh rupert , didnt your friend tom tell you are buying garbage ? there were little done to chance myspace to make it competitive sad
2	i actually thought at one point myspace had more promise then facebook , actually i still think at one point it definetely did to bad everything murdoch touches turns to shit also , i learned i had more " friends " then the former " buff , bronzed former baywatch child star " did on myspace
5	the idea was nice , but eventually became the ghetto of social website watch how facebook will risk the same faith
2	i never liked myspace because it allowed people to do the design of their own pages they invariably created some ugly monstrosity that played music in the background or something its never a good idea to let the general population do web design
2	tell you you are buying garbage ? was little done to change myspace
2	promise than facebook at one point it definitely did " friends " than the former
6	and who will be the next big social network star ?
1	i'm not typing an essay but a quick response on a message board so go fuck yourself & die
2	dude , you 're on r technology , it 's a cesspool of a subreddit do n't bother correcting people here it 's as futile in this subreddit as suggesting an apple product has a positive attribute
6	but is it <> better than other mobile devices too ? have n't really got into the tablet thing yet , but maybe i'm just a neo luddite
2	it must be that damned sent from my ipad spam they append
4	yes people sit at home and use their ipad on their wifi network if you 're on a wifi network , odds are you 're at home if you have a choice between your smartphone and any other device for surfing the internet , which do you choose ?
4	yes but do people with flat screens watch more tv ? do people who chew pencils donate more to unicef ? are people really researching data usage per device without regard to every other socioeconomic data point ? why ?
3	the company later issued a statement claiming that if a human were behind the wheel , they would have noticed the collision avoidance system was n't working and taken the appropriate action are they implying that these systems being developed are meant to be relied upon by the driver ! ? i am terrified that this should be something to advertise even and rather have it just as a secondary safety system i wonder how many will test it out and crash right into their neighbor 's car
3	yeah this was pretty big news over a year ago when it happened check the date on your article
1	what a bullshit system how can they demonstrate it without making sure its <> reliable ?
2	jealous of an incredibly unstable " currency " ? of a currency where the main trading point , based on a card game exchange , went down harder than your mother on a cock covered in ranch sauce ? i do n't think so this month you claim it paid for your rent , next month it 'll pay for a slim jim if you 've managed to scam some retards , good on you , if you think it 's anything approaching a viable currency then i truly pity you you might want to throw in a u mad bro or something like that you retarded whore
4	i sent them a bitcoin donation , and they gave it away they 'll not be getting any more of my money
2	this case is important to your wallet send the eff a donation to help them protect your rights
2	unfortunately lawyers do n't accept bitcoin as payment donations to eff in bitcoin would have been nearly useless anyway , as it is difficult to exchange it into real money
1	i sent them a bitcoin donation , and they gave it away care to explain ?
4	thanks for the explanation found this link https www eff org deeplinks <> <> eff and bitcoin if i can afford it , i will make a donation in your name how much was it ?
2	they started accepting bitcoin donations , then decided they did n't want to anymore , and sent all the bitcoin donations they had recieved to the bitcoin faucet , which gives bitcoins away to people new to bitcoin
4	thanks for the outstanding donation a little too much for my wallet currently , though i will go <> today ( i did give them <> earlier in the year ) let me know what name you want it under hopefully other redditors ( y spellcheck this word reddit , y ? ) will step up for the balance
2	at the time , about <> in bitcoins now ? about <> worth
4	that monopoly money paid my rent last month jealous much ?
4	thanks for the outstanding donation he made a donation in monopoly money , your <> are worth infinitely more than those pretend fairy internet bucks so do n't feel bad
4	you rock eff !
4	this is just one of the many reasons i make my first donation of the year to eff
2	this seems largely ineffectual righthaven is purely a symptom of a system that has been perverted the court may chastise them for playing this shellgame with copyright law , but copyright law will still be broken
4	still useful in regions without freezing temperatures
4	perhaps the concrete is porous enough to accommodate the waters expansion during freezing like you said , if it ca n't handle the freeze its a much less utility
4	that parking lot is at unh so we 'll most definitely find out what happens when it freezes
4	its being tested here in freezing conditions , maybe it does ok http www sciencefriday com images shows <> <> carneyasphalt018 jpg
4	my thoughts exactly any civil engineers around ?
4	civil engineer here pervious concrete will not lead to sink holes this water is simply returning to the water table , just like any other water landing on soil sinkholes are often caused by an empty pipes that sucks the soil underneath this concrete have up to <> voids in it , therefore it will not be very smooth when driving <> mph on it in my opinion pervious pavement works very well for sidewalks and parking lots i have seen pervious pavement withstand freeze thaw cycles for <> years it was explained to me that the voids actually allow the water to expand out the top during a freeze cycle
4	yeah , that 's why civil engineers are the life of the party
6	vacuum cleaners ?
6	i ca n't imagine iced up porous concrete to be good for any kind of traction
2	that wo n't help in winter as the water warms up and thaws a bit then refreezes it will destroy this stuff
6	would n't this lead to sinkholes ?
4	i was excited until i thought about what water does when it freezes ( great for california and florida i suppose
4	it will work until the pores clog up with dust and other gunk
4	i could see the material potentially being useful for drain caps and such where gratings are in place presently there is no damned way it is going to be as durable as concrete ( nor as cheap ) even if it does maintain that level of porousness as others have noted too , in any climate where it gets cold i can only imagine bad things happening normal concrete already gets chewed up pretty badly around here in the fall spring
6	pave roads for underground river to parking lot reservoirs ?
4	we have this stuff as the parking lot for our newly built dorms on campus it was built last summer and this winter ( north eastern tennessee ) we got hit hard it was below <> for over <> days this winter , and we have over two feet of total snow accumulation ( a lot for us ) , with at least <> <> inches of freezing rain there were many nights i would see the snow melt during the day and refreeze on the street and in the parking lots this is just observational data , but the areas of the parking lot paved in this stuff not only held up fine , but after the winter much of the concrete on our older sidewalks was chipped away as the water froze on its surface and chipped away the top layer not saying it is a godsend or anything , but this is one thing my university actually got right the bell tower however not so much
4	plants will grow in crevices and crack it over time , too
6	i would have thought perv ious concrete would be used to make , for example , dildos
4	this is a good idea , though it is worrisome to think about the pollutants that will seep into the ground water as well i guess they 'd end up there eventually though
6	i question how accurate this is , as an iphone user you will probably go to the apple store if your hardware fails also this could be that people are having more technical issues in other areas with other phones lastly it does n't show the number of users for each device calling in , if <> of those calls were for blackberry than we could probably conclude that blackberry has more technical issues due to sheer volume
6	the study , conducted by wds , found that <> percent of all technical support calls for android devices could be traced to a hardware fault , versus <> <> percent for rim blackberry , <> percent for iphones and <> percent for windows phone <> devices could n't that just as easily mean that android devices are less prone to software faults than competitors , so it 's more likely that it takes a hardware failure to actually cause the user to call in ?
6	that is n't what it says
6	or it could just mean what it says android enables an environment where qa is not always at a consistent standard across manufactures there is nothing special about the stability of the android os to suggest it would alter these results in such a dramatic way what is more appropriate to say is " could n't this just as easily mean that the comprable top range android phones from respectable manufactures , are any where from <> <> ? probably closer to <> <> ? " yes , they probably are not significantly worse or better than the competition
4	that thing would high center on a speed bump
4	that 's a pretty picture i also draw terrific spaceships when i'm bored
2	it may be that the flat sides are to be removable panels or something , i hope because that thing does n't look like it can turn ive seen trucks have to get into some pretty tight places to load up and if the thing ca n't turn hard it 's useless
5	is it just me , or does that thing look like it 'll have an even harder time turning ?
6	but , will it blend ?
2	bullshit sensationalism improving aerodynamics alone on a big rig will not double fuel economy
6	know how accordion works ?
4	i can see this being very useful being able to fine tune a perfect shot and worry about its focus after you manage to take it will be very useful i'm not sure how long it will be before it 's adopted by any affordable cameras , but i can see it getting there
8	tries to ? they will have a field day
4	unless you are a government employee or can be seen in any way to be assisting in disseminating the information if you 're downloading it off the pirate bay via bittorrent , there 's a good chance you 're helping to disseminate it , even if you have n't yet read it yourself
4	just use a proxy to download and open them up in a virtual machine
2	still , many of us here on reddit are not u s citizens so blanket statements about legality should be at least used sparingly that and tossing in malware as a scare is just silly really docs are n't generally distributed in a format that is terribly useful for that and lulzsec has n't been known to distro any anyhow i'm not saying they would n't zombie you for chuckles but it seems a silly claim for a tor data dump
3	a lot of talk about informants and officers being put at risk i could n't agree more but are n't being put at risk by hackers they were put at risk by the arizona state gov ' t failing to properly secure this sensitive information !
2	whether or not you agree with the way the documents were apprehended you have to admit that some of these are kind of funny the arizona government is about to become even more of a circus
4	some of those documents were kind of fun to read
4	more like this please ! this is the kind of hacking i can get behind as far as putting informants at risk , they are already at risk , do n't be fooled by " putting officers at risk bullshit " the problem is they should n't be doing some of the things they do , and it should be exposed , and an end put to the police states of the world there is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments , however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it we are being rationed by the rich , controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it good work
4	more like this please ! this is the kind of hacking i can get behind as far as putting informants at risk , they are already at risk , do n't be fooled by " putting officers at risk bullshit " the problem is they should n't be doing some of the things they do , and it should be exposed , and an end put to the police states of the world there is a war going on every day between regular citizens and their governments , however regular citizens are already in the concentration camps without even realising it we are being rationed by the rich , controlled by the police and the government is aiding the both of them to hold us down and give it to us and they expect us to smile while they do it good work
6	how did they get hold of all of this data ? edit to clarify i mean what methods did they employ ? previously people had been characterising this group as unsophisticated and not doing much beyond simple brute force website attacks this seems a little bit more than that though , to me getting hold of private law enforcement related documents
1	lol , you think rape is funny but distributing email addresses is unconscionable people like you are why lulsex exists also , <> <> trolling
2	i do n't see why that could n't be achieved , but i personally do n't think it would be as visually pleasing to have everything in focus
4	i 'd love to see this used to make everything in focus at once
4	you can pick what you want in focus also and what you do not want in focus click on the pictures and you can set the focus how you like it http www lytro com picture gallery
4	you can pick what you want in focus also and what you do not want in focus
2	downvoters are lulzsec
2	i guess people do n't give a shit whether lulzsec has their password
8	you 're probably not getting upvoted because you linked to a gawker media site which is n't the most loved network around these parts
2	sure , the specific systems do n't hold taxpayer data , but what information can be gained from those servers to access systems that do ? weak response from the irs seems they just are avoiding panic and preventing calls or emails to them about it
2	its just a tool dont like it ? dont use it i would really like to know why node js wo n't die because people like using it ? best case scenario ? node becomes as good as or better than more mature solutions worst ? node dies woo ! i can see why someone would n't like node , or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away , but " why does n't it die ? " is a stupid question
6	i would really like to know why node js wo n't die it seems like a phenomenally ill conceived idea and it really offers nothing over far more mature solutions in that space
6	i can see why someone would n't like node , or would guess the date and time that it would slowly fade away , but " why does n't it die ? " is a stupid question node simply reinvents the wheel poorly , it adds nothing of value to the landscape and has a ton of hype associated with it
4	what other competing solutions are you comparing it to ? thanks
2	either you do n't understand what most larger sites are using node js for in practice ( as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on r programming ) , or there 's aspects to each of those languages frameworks that i'm totally unaware of i do n't mean that to be snarky , trying to understand your pov ninja edit i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases , not the others
4	erlang nitrogen , rails , pylons , java app servers , etc all of them can do what node js does better
4	either you do n't understand what most larger sites are using node js for in practice ( as opposed to all the random frameworks i see posted on r programming ) , or there 's aspects to each of those languages frameworks that i'm totally unaware of ok , can you enlighten me as to what node js provides that 's valuable and unique and not offered by other languages frameworks ? i have heard of people using erlang for similar use cases , not the others i'm not aware of any cases where erlang could not be used to do the same thing node js does , but maybe you could explain those to me
8	the magnitude of this crime affected everyone from high ranking members of the white house staff to the average american citizen so typical unless they are referring to smell
4	fbi newark special agent michael ward said " it 's important to note that it was n't just the hacking itself that was criminal , but what could potentially occur utilizing the pilfered information " a little worry some that the evaluation of what could possibly happen can point to it being criminal in the process of a white hat that finds a security hole and informs the organization for it to be fixed would not be able to go into the grey realm and release that information due to lack of resolution would they be seen as committing a criminal act due to what potentially could occur ?
4	i actually really like the output interesting
2	i should mention that the videophones that in use by deaf people also do audio communications , i have tested with friends and family ( this is however an afterthought so audio quality is n't as good as sony or microsofts <> microphone array )
4	there are currently videophones in popular use the deaf community has , since <> or something , been discarding their ttys in exchange for videophones videophones offer a way for the deaf to communicate naturally with sign language
4	good read , all that remains is to see how many unlike them now the competition is over
4	certainly was a very successful campaign not quite so successful as the heist though great article , keep it up !
4	i love it it 's a tradition of the ages , and it 'll continue
4	it 's become like a bathhouse for geeks everybody 's fucking each other , and nobody in the rest of the real world really cares
3	and the war of the fucktards continues the only end is most or all of them ending up in pyita jail as they all out each other
2	ok , but the raw event size then goes up by a factor of <> or so when the event is reconstructed so it depends what we mean by " generate " a cms reconstructed event is <> <> mb , which is stored in addition to the raw
2	headline number appears to be a bit of an overestimate cms has a raw event size of <> , and nominal collision rate of <> <> sec , and the collision rate has not yet reached half the nominal maximum ( <> spacing instead of <> ) atlas has a similar event size and rate lhcb has similar rate but events about ten times smaller alice has very large events ( o ( <> ) in proton collisions , o ( <> ) in lead collisions ) , but receives a reduced event rate ( <> times less than the other experiments , varying a bit with beam configuration ) due to much longer read out and detector reset times which implies an actual rate of <> sec
4	" a consumer will be able to create the network topologies required for deploying their applications in the cloud "
4	reminds me of ' the sixth day ' movie
3	this is a terrible idea
4	awesome , one of those things when you go , why did n't i think about it ?
5	awesome , but sad that it 'll probably never happen
6	i do n't know what google can do that would have the chilling effect on innovation microsoft did in the late <> 's with their policies google has contributed more to open source and standards possibly than any other company ever as the article says , ms was reined in by competition , not the government as soon as there is a viable competitor , we will see google lose market share
5	jesus christ it 's gotten this bad when they said they were priming the younger generation to be fine with surveillance on a whole new level we believed them , but we did n't think it 'd be this bad ( yes they have to , at least in many countries around the world
6	so should we be getting people 's explicit consent before forwarding their emails to other people ?
1	what countries ? generally if x sends mail to y , y can show that mail to third parties without having to obtain consent from x i do n't see how this would be any different
5	they may be able to get away with it by the fact that its an automatic process if you think of spam filtering it works the same way ( automatic analyzing of email contents ) , and no one is complaining there people are just unhappy about the fact that instead of doing something useful and desired by the user ( spam filtering ) , the contents are instead used to generate advertising revenue
3	who 's on first ?
5	they 're not do they have to ?
6	uhh yes ! ?
1	yes ? the equivilant is me opening all your mail for a bit of a read before you get to
4	probably , yes especially if the person who sent you the message is under the impression that they are in private communications with you
5	i 'd say this is at least illegal in the scandinavian countries ca n't really speak for anyone else , of course edit dislike all you want , law is law if you want to read about it , it 's in " lov <> <> <> nr <> lov om behandling av personopplysninger " see especially <> and <> ( norway ) for sweden , you have <> <> " personuppgiftslagen " you can also look at directive <> <> ec for an eu wide law concerning this , though i'm not sure if it 's as strict if you want some precedents i might be able to cough up something
6	how is this different to what gmail has been doing forever ? does gmail only scan sent messages ? i am sure i have seen ads that made me think they also scan received messages
2	because yahoo ! mail , which ? computing has learned man , punctuation abuse really does n't help readability
4	really this is n't that bad it 's similar to what gmail does the title is completely misleading it scans any e mail that comes in to your inbox and any e mail you send , but you can opt out of the targeted marketing aspect
4	um , gmail has been doing this for years btw , yahoo also scans every im you send try sending a filestube link to someone over yahoo im
4	good i was looking for a reason to block all yahoo com addresses and was n't sure if the current amount of advertising was enough to justify it
1	yahoo ! 's only catching up with what google 's been doing with gmail
5	this is n't anything new your email is n't any less secure by allowing the new terms the email is permanently on their servers and can be acquired with a warrant the only thing that had changed is how they process them automatically , devoid of any human interaction same as spam filtering the op 's headline is also a bit misleading yahoo wo n't ( and have no way to ) scan the mailboxes of senders rather , they are saying they will also scan incoming emails
1	damn ? ! brands ! ? and their stupid punctuation in them !
2	i do n't understand how they can scan people 's emails who do n't use yahoo !
2	the fact that the only email i get from yahoo com is spam is reason enough
2	hope you 're blocking gmail as well
2	i do to but does gmail scan your sender 's emails ? because you might be giving consent , but they are not this wording by yahoo ! is hilarious " if you consent to this atos and communicate with non yahoo ! users using the services , you are responsible for notifying those users about this feature " when the hell are you meant to do that ?
4	sorry , i thought that was clear more context in the link obviously
3	they ca n't they can scan emails that are sent to you the reddit title is shamefully misleading
4	you do n't have to notify them but if you want them to know , it 's up to you to tell them
4	well you expect them to check for spam when you sign up , not for them to check for keywords to advertise
4	yes they gave consent when they hit send to a yahoo com email address
6	i do n't doubt that the iphone only being on one provider has hindered it but really it 's all just speculation if they really want to know what effect the verizon iphone had why do n't they compare the us growth figures to the international figures ? the iphone has been available on multiple networks for a long time in other countries if that slow down is also occurring there , then the iphone has nothing to do with it
5	this article completely ignores the fact that android outsells iphone <> <> also , there is plenty of room in the market for both android and ios ( and wp7 too ) the market is still evolving quickly , so a bit of give and take between the market share for apple and google is to be expected , but apple has a huge amount of market share to claw back before they have the top platform
4	apple fanboy circle jerk style logic in this apple " letting " competitors win ? right oh they had a surge when they opened up to the largest carrier in the country , i would hope so that does n't mean android is on the decline when it 's market share is still larger and the iphone <> will have a temporary surge for apple again but that 's how it always is with a new device
4	maybe it 's because there has n't been a " good " android release in a while a lot of people are waiting on dual core lte phones there really has n't been a " big " release of a device except for the thunderbolt , which outsold the vzw iphone <> the release of the sensation and evo <> should help upturn this , along with the eventual bionic and galaxy s2 releases
4	i like to hear your comments about what this practically means
4	openvpn is amazingly powerful , but can be tricky to setup there are many guides on the internet , and this is one of the better ones it is so flexible , i have a setup with a customer that has multiple locations and multiple roaming employees a single openvpn server running within a router handles both the router to router ( and full communication between each network ) connections of remote offices and roaming users at same time the clients are set to resolve retry infinite , so as long as they have internet , they all have main office connection , and roaming users that switch connections ( lan to wireless mobile ) are able to reconnect without user intervention ( the number of calls i used to have to deal with because the laptop refused to reconnect to other vpn types , never get calls anymore ) i have setup ipsec , pptp tunels , and even linksys vpn client , and none of them were as stable as openvpn in terms of flexibility and easy of management once setup ( never have to touch it again , and if a router dies , just paste back configuration and back up again ) also , found openvpn communications to be faster and smoother than other methods , just be sure to use udp
5	<> of people are idiots the genie is out of the bottle why not move to more safer reactors instead of these aging models that do n't have the same set of safety features
4	old plants are dangerous let 's keep old plants instead of building new , safer ones
1	because they degrade and all you need is one government or one reactor administrator to cut corners and not do the maintenance and , well , that 's part of what happened in japan
4	yes , let 's scrap all nuclear power plant and use coal power plants ! they 're much safer
4	i have a set of four passwords i use for pretty much everything they are all over ten characters , include non alphanumeric characters , and are immune to standard dictionary attack even without that they are also extremely easy for me to remember if an account elsewhere requires my e mail as the login id , i do n't use the same password as that e mail account i think i'm good , in general
4	i used to , but recently i 've begun to keep a physical log on me with a list of complex and unique passwords next to each key is a mark of random notation that i remember to relate it to the site , machine , program or file that it relates to i just have to make sure not to lose the little book but the important ones , that i can have information sent to when and if i change the secondary tier 's keys , i have memorized probably overkill , but fuck getting screwed because of not having enough security
1	i would argue in this case anonops is better off without those members at least they took consideration of innocents e g attacking front facing websites instead of the actual pci , credit card databases , etc they also did n't type like a <> year old in their pr
4	that 's amazing i 've got the same combination on my luggage
4	pretty much everyone has some form of password reuse i think it 'd be hard to find people that did n't do this
4	thats probably more secure than a short password because in order to hack their account , you would need to be in their office defended by actual gaurds with guns rather than a firewall
4	does n't mean members ca n't be or were a part of both i picture them as i would a video game community you have a gaming clan team , the clan gets so big and popular people 's egos take over and groups within the clan form these groups eventually break off and form new clans and the drama repeats seems to be the same in hacker groups apparently as well , same people different name
4	the officers ' e mail passwords are also included , and demonstrate a very low level of awareness of computer security passwords include " <> " , " rosebud " , and officers ' badge numbers wait , people seriously use the password " <> " ? how very sad
4	lulzsec claims that it targeted arizona law enforcement in response to arizona 's controversial anti immigration law , saying that it opposes the law itself , and " the racial profiling anti immigrant police state that is arizona " i thought they were just in it for the lulz ?
4	so is it safe to assume at this point lulzsec is anonomous just rebranded ? they 've already picked up the political torch , all we need now are poorly written manifestos and i wo n't be able to tell the two apart
3	apparently the documents included police officers ' home addresses and names of informants
5	so their answer to a law they do n't like is to make those responsible for enforcing it more vulnerable ? i could see going after those who passed it , but this is just stupid and irresponsible innocent people could get killed because of their asshattery
4	up next at the insistence of gov jan brewer and sheriff joe arpaio , the arizona legislature passes a bill that mandates immediate execution and subsequent deportation of any person caught using the internet in any form
3	chaos for authority lulz
4	they are sb <> was amended with hb <> within a week of its signing to correct the language that was criticized ( http www azleg gov formatdocument asp ? indoc legtext <> <> bills hb2162c htm & session id <> ) however , when you look up sb <> , you see the original language , which is unavoidable because that is the unchanging language of the bill ( and not the actual statute ) moreover , the more controversial parts of the bill were enjoined from enforcement by federal courts ( http en wikipedia org wiki arizona sb <> hearings and rulings ) , so arizona is n't doing those things whatever racist law enforcement policies arizona may be using , they are n't founded in sb <> within the state , the controversy over sb <> has largely been that of state vs federal government , rather than arizona vs immigrants , and that was the controversy that united a fractured republican base ( fractured on the issue of illegal immigration , ironically ) behind governor brewer but i digress lulzsec misses the point , which does n't disappoint me because i did n't have expectations to disappoint , but it bothers me that this flimsy justification is given for intentionally putting law enforcement personnel and valid security objectives at risk give me a better rationale and i 'd be validly conflicted , but as it stands i have to condemn lulzsec for their work here
5	yeah that 's pretty sad on an unrelated note , i need to change the combination to my luggage
6	you 'd be surprised how most individuals in regards to technology both in public and private sectors in general use very simple passwords , and password reuse
2	" so the combination is one , two , three , four , five ? that 's the stupidest combination i 've ever heard in my life ! the kind of thing an idiot would have on his luggage ! "
2	i would argue in this case anonops is better off without those members at least they took consideration of innocents e g attacking front facing websites instead of the actual pci , credit card databases , etc they also did n't type like a <> year old in their pr pertinent copper crucible how the arizona miners ' strike of <> recast labor management relations in america ( ilr press books ) ( http www amazon com gp product <> ? ie utf8 & tag polidebanews <> & linkcode xm2 & camp <> & creativeasin <> )
5	even worse , during the cold war , the soviets had many of their higher ups using extremely long and complicated passwords unfortunately , none of them could remember their passwords , so they kept a piece of paper with it on their desk
2	i thought anonops and lulzsec had some bad blood ?
2	sort of they 're affiliated with the anon ircs & this release is an antisec release from an anonymous " boat " they 're likely from one of the higher numbered chans & they are also very likely present here for my amusement i 've been following their trail wherever it did n't seem likely to get me bothered
2	like anonymous , but funnier and more effective also they seem to be a small group with individuality instead of an amorphous collective which anyone can claim to represent
4	lulzsec has already stated that they are what anonymous was before the carefags appropriated the name
5	what 's really bothersome to me about lulzsec is n't the indiscriminate nature of the attacks ( though i'm most definitely with you wholeheartedly with that ) it 's the danger that poses to the groups that are legitimately trying to release valuable information for the integrity of democracy and transparency when high profile can be given to a group that 's " in it for the lulz , " it puts all of us at a disadvantage and when governmental and private security organizations are looking at the best and most advantageous manners in which to pinpoint vulnerabilities or to extend their oversight capabilities , this can very quickly and directly lead to a full scale lockdown on all activity the way i see it is that we 've always had the existence of hackers out to investigate public agencies & private corporations and we 've always had those out to steal personal information for kicks or monetary gain i imagine the government threw a party with all the big , major players getting shit faced when some dumb ass <> yr old kids decided to go at it all for the lulz
2	give me a better rationale lulz ?
2	you 're confusing your capitals it 's only by anonymous if it says anonymous on it , otherwise it 's by anonymous
2	i think that 's where the confusion arises the moment anonymous became capitalized , it ceased being formless without definition , and started the process of becoming like the big bang , once the radiation and plasma and whatever the hell had dispersed and matter started to form
2	anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude it 's just become a lot more common recently , & there are people who think they control anonymous , & people trying to take away our freedom to say something anonymously , & fuck them both i 've got nothing that i need to say apart from my identity , but if i did i would hate for either group of assholes to deprive me of that right
1	anonymous has been capitalized for centuries dude agreed ( http books google com books ? id wqo aaaaiaaj & q anonymous & dq anonymous & hl en & ei gsofts khismsqovostedq & sa x & oi book result & ct result & resnum <> & ved <> )
2	eh , did you really think we 'd believe that without any proof ? i mean , it certainly does n't help your case that the guardian has been caught lying on this topic already & that my comment is n't showing up on my profile , but whatevs , moron edit the comment where i say ff is still not on my profile
2	the logical fallacy arises when anonymous denies responsibility and no one else claims it by definition , if no one has claimed responsibility , the culprit is anonymous if anonymous then denies responsibility , non anonymous must claim it if non anonymous does not , then anonymous must and so on
2	who do you think writes the press releases the news parrots ?
1	seriously , any asshole in the fbi or cia who wants to know who i am can look it up this sn only protects against spam & that 's all it is meant to do i do n't even like lulzsec , i genuinely suspect they 're a false flag operation it 's fucking trivial , they 're using sci clearances , & it 's only <> <> people imo
1	secretive ? what the fuck is secretive about lulz ? they 're public irc channels
2	during one exchange , a hacker named neuron starts an iama ( q and a ) session for lulzsec on the website reddit for " funzies " and to engage with the public this immediately raises the ire of sabu , who puts an angry and abrupt halt to it " you guys started an iama on reddit ? " sabu asks in disbelief " i will go to your homes and kill you if you really started an iama bro , you really do n't understand what we are about here i thought all this stuff was common knowledge no more public apperances sic without us organizing it "
2	these chat logs were posted elsewhere over a week ago
3	if this becomes a reality t v show i 've lost all remianing faith in civilization
4	i hypothesize that this is a government 're d team ' or 're d cell ' operation , aimed at building support for government intervention into internet security from both the public and private sectors i cant agree more
1	they started their own false flag conspiracy theory lol all the reddit believers !
6	they 're still referring to anonymous as a group sigh i do n't want to dismiss this whole article due to that subtly , but seriously is it that hard of a concept ?
6	it 's amazing how so many people fell for something utterly lacking in evidence
1	i will go to your homes and kill you i'm sure everyone shook with terror because crappy black hats are known for being super cereal about every threat ever
1	your a moron the guardian provides no proof that there is n't a false flag operation , & is incapable of doing so
1	if you think the government is n't trying its damndest to convince people that a regulated internet is a good thing , you 're out of touch with reality and a group like lulzsec is exactly the thing to convince people that " hackers " are out of control its all just too convenient how do you know this guardian article is n't a cia disinformation campaign ? fwiw , i was posting weeks ago on messageboards and on irc , that lulzsec could be a cia front so atleast some part of this " false flag conspiracy " came from me and not lulzsec
1	they do the same thing with al qaeda
2	if " anonymous " can issue press releases claiming responsibility for something or denying it , then they are a group i do n't care what the original meaning of the term is , or what it means on <> the fact is , if ' anonymous ' can say they did n't do something before anyone else claims responsibility ( implying that the real culprit is not " anonymous " , and will purposefully reveal him herself ) then a complete and total divide by <> clusterfuck singularity will occur when the real culprit does n't it 's a logical fallacy
2	it is a group though you could say it 's a group of birds or flies group is the only term easy enough to use without explaining what exactly anonymous is also , because journalists suck
2	o no we haz no leaders dat meenz we arnt a groop wen will dey understand
5	you 're an abject failure , and must have not read the article the lack of proof is itself proof of nothing
2	they being the government
2	um , ' anonymous ' ca n't deny anything because they do n't know other anonymous however , since anyone who wants to be apart of anonymous can be , anonymous ( you ) can claim responsibility however , it does n't mean anything because really , you 're just claiming responsibility yourself while being quite literally anonymous this is why considering it a group is silly it 's a group in the loosest of senses the only people who are not apart of anonymous are those who claim to be somebody thing else
2	everythingnew net spammer
2	but wait , all those moms in minivans on the cell phones already drive hands free a little more than temporarily !
1	is n't that yet another attack on our <> amendment right to be secure from illegal searches ? no the fourth amendment offers no rights to say what you wish without being identified anonymity has never been a part of the constitution
1	" without requiring that it go through a judge for a warrant first " is n't that yet another attack on our <> amendment right to be secure from illegal searches ?
5	yes , but not without repercussions the ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the constitution now you argue that that was the intent but a review of the works of the founding fathers does not strengthen that case looking back at the political works of the time i think it 's fairly clear that intent was that you ( as in mr your name here ) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail if you can do that anonymously ( ala common sense ) , great you 're welcome to do that but you 're not entitled to be able to do so the constitution does n't speak to anonymity that does n't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad , just that they did n't mention it if you can manage it , great but it 's not a protected right of yours , and it never has been for the record , i think the ri law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds , but that 's neither here nor there
4	being able to say what you want , in whatever way you want is the <> amendment freedom of speech my issue is with the " broadly written law " ( as stated in the article ) which gives law enforcement the legal grounds to skip the <> amendment by bypassing the need for a judicial review before granting a search if this ' law ' were to be passed , then it could apply to far more than ' who said what ' it could be used in many many ways all of them being bad for the average person
1	i wish i shared your view that it would be struck down however , there have been far too many dumb laws that have passed lately both federal and at the state level what happens next though ? say the law passes and the local pd gets the right to find out who xyz is for saying " fk the police " if this law passes as stated , the local pd could arrest the person because the comments are " offensive or harassing " it would n't matter who found the comment to be offensive , just that they ' felt ' it was i just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation where we once had rights , we are literally watching them be destroyed
1	yes , but not necessarily anonymously the ability to say whatever you want without it being traced back to you is mentioned nowhere in the constitution now you argue that that was the intent but a review of the works of the founding fathers does not strengthen that case looking back at the political works of the time i think it 's fairly clear that intent was that you ( as in mr your name here ) should be able to author whatever political writings you choose without fear of being thrown in jail if you can do that anonymously ( ala common sense ) , great you 're welcome to do that but you 're not entitled to be able to do so the constitution does n't speak to anonymity that does n't mean that the authors assumed it was good or bad , just that they did n't mention it if you can manage it , great but it 's not a protected right of yours , and it never has been for the record , i think the ri law is absurd and will almost certainly be struck down on other grounds , but that 's neither here nor there
1	if this law passes as stated , the local pd could arrest the person because the comments are " offensive or harassing " it would n't matter who found the comment to be offensive , just that they ' felt ' it was no the local pd could issue a subpoena to the site isps in question to attempt to find the identity of the person there 's a difference between that and arresting someone for the content i just see this as the continuation of the downward spiral of our once great nation where we once had rights , we are literally watching them be destroyed spend some time outside of reddit and your view might change d it seems like a lot of redditors are just yearning to be oppressed and are hell bent on playing up any remotely negative event
6	rip in peace , this man will be surely missed ps no relation , but i'm going to robert morris university
8	good night , good sir may you find rest in peace , running as root in the great mainframe in the sky
8	good night , sweet prince you keep my data safe
8	rest in peace , he will be missed
6	rest in peace in peace ? pretty meta
8	he definitely changed the world i ca n't imagine what our lives would be if he had n't lived thank you morris
1	can i play too ? ? ?
2	you make a very good point why would a facebook friend not have skype ? <> they do n't have a use for it <> they do n't want to use it so basically it all comes down to having the convenience to video chat in your browser i still think if the casual public knows about ms fb , those two reputations alone could just trash the whole thing
2	compatible ? every friend of mine wants me to download skype whereas google chat requires a small browser extension
2	do you have all of your facebook friends on skype ?
1	yeah no one really uses it also " out of the box " really ? a ) it 's not out yet b ) facebook started five years ago and c ) they 'll have the same functionality at about the same time except skype is more compatible
1	fuck facebook and skype i am trying really hard to transfer my friend base to google open the gates google !
1	motherfuck , given my recent troubles with skype i really fear the future
2	too little too late plus i ca n't allow facebook access to skype data because we use skype at work for business purposes and the thought of that leaking into a site which ca n't protect privacy is a huge deal i'm pretty sure there are a lot of people in that situation
4	hahahahaha
6	the way things are going , i think either microsoft or google is going to eventually regret what happened this past week , but i'm not sure which yet i do think the timing is funny they announce it just in time to compete with google which coincidentally launched a few days earlier the release will probably be rushed out the door and riddled with bugs unless they delay it until it 's ready and hope people will stick with facebook on the promise of a future feature
4	i 'll join you , we can be new friends !
2	one bloated piece of crap integrating another bloated piece of crap yay !
2	but let 's look at this why does facebook need skype integration ? it 's not like i ca n't have two windows open at once why not just use the standalone skype program ? so we get facebook skype you 're in a video chat , well , it 's going to launch in a separate window anyway , right ? so again , why does fb skype have to be involved ? just use the standalone this is just microsoft pushing it 's newly bought tech wherever it can i predict failure
2	that 's why you make multiple accounts , it 's not like there is n't a free version of skype
2	and what is the download not compatible with ? you are confusing the requirement to download something with incompatibility even if you have to install a browser extension , you 're still downloading and installing something
2	is that a new feature of skype ? last time i needed to use skype i had to download the program
1	obviously apple wants less competition so they can do whatever they want but too bad for apple
2	when apple have an original idea , then they can complain about people copying things
2	all the new " features " in ios <> are an obvious android rip off
6	everyone copies everyone all the time apple 's interface is sudddenly a mobile meme ? so was xerox 's parc for apple maybe they could instead of suing everyone under the sun for everything under the sun make their products inimitable that would be something to try
2	oooooh so that ' s how you get superstar race car drivers to get nearly naked on tv be a glamour boy ( https www youtube com watch ? v e7fx6sal0zw )
2	what i want to know is , who thought it was a great idea to be over a billion dollars in debt the companies declined to provide a purchase price , but people familiar with the matter said the deal is worth <> <> billion , roughly half of which is debt
4	you 're cool d
4	i 'll have to remember this article thanks ! cool !
4	it only crashed once when i first went to it ( on a fresh chrome instance , nothing else running ) windows <> x64 chrome <> <> <> <>
2	holy cow , what a weird bug ! we 've tried it in firefox on multiple oses without such glitches ( the animation is choppy mainly due to firefox glitches with css3 transitions we 've disabled them for now until we can figure out work arounds , so right now firefox uses our fallback player that 's choppier ) would you mind if i ask what os you 're running on , so we can do more testing for this ?
2	xp x64 sp2 up to date ff5 with a shitload of extensions ( http cjoint com data3 <> image1 png )
4	the site flickers when i move the mouse or scroll i am using chrome <> <> <> <> on mac osx
4	i'm a founder and the technical lead ama !
2	i 've been waiting for a flash alternative for a long time the potential here is great is it planned to keep this in the browser , or will it go desktop eventually ? are drawing tools or other features , such as layers , in the works ? thanks for your work !
1	you crashed my google chrome ! that 's the first time that 's happened
4	does n't work well on firefox <> animation is choppy , and there are glitches ( see screen caps ( http www megaupload com ? d fso9rqkl ) )
4	holy shit this is awesome just watch the video at the bottom of the main page
1	this should now be fixed let me know if you are still having this problem
5	yes , this is specific to some versions of chrome osx i just found out we should have it fixed tomorrow ( i'm guessing a css3 transitions hardware acceleration bug ) if you change to firefox it 'll work fine
4	we want to keep it in the browser , since that 's the most convenient in the long term ( as browsers keep improving ) drawing tools ( more specifically svg support ) has been discussed it 's all a matter of what our customers , in general , end up using our tool for and ask for
4	what os & chrome version , may i ask ? ( we 're using the latest and greatest browser features in the near future the browsers & our code will hopefully sort out these kinds of issues )
5	why didn t it work the did not over pay
4	i believe " even " in this context means " rounded "
4	i read it as " even " as in not odd
4	i'm betting this move was more to drain rival resources than anything else this google knows how to encode information in ways for people smart enough to look for it to find it irreverence , as they displayed , is one way to say " this thing is a joke , so lets make it funny " the punchline was the largely decreased warchests of microsoft et al
6	can you tell me what was the significance of the patents in that thing ?
6	restructuring the patent system ? in a country owned by corporations ? good luck with that
4	ooooooh ! ( http i imgur com i1ydk jpg )
4	i parsed this as google trying to bid " waffles " on at least <> bid
5	i honestly do n't think google really cared they seem to be putting far more money and resources to restructuring the patent system as a whole in which case , buying patents is n't really of interest to them i'm betting this move was more to drain rival resources than anything else
5	they got the other guys to pay <> times what the patents were worth it 's hard for people to think in non round numbers , and i think google 's bidding strategy was to distract and confuse the other companies until they got frustrated and bid more than they should have i think it worked
4	is there a list of the highlights of what was in these patents ? i have a couple of networking patents i believe mine are worth about <> a piece
6	what spectrum are you talking about ?
2	yeah , i would n't pay any attention to the guys bidding <> <> billion dollars they 're complete jokes
4	the article mentioned how they ( everyone ) expected the patents to go for <> million google made their competitors spend five times that
4	i do n't want to give away details for anonymity reasons , but my evaluation of their worth more corresponds to how much effort it would take to make these patents stick against patents that are similar in a legal dispute it seems that unless a patent is for something like fire or the wheel that its intrinsic value is little without all the hours that need to be paid to the lawyers who are defending it my guess is that the nortel portfolio has <> <> real gems in it that have had some amount of legal testing beyond their acceptance by the patent office these probably have to with telephone switching and voice data transmission i was mostly looking for a link to see if anyone sorted the wheat from the chaff
4	<> <> billion dollars , twice the analyst expected amount , is n't serious ?
4	i do n't care if anyone won the auction with a bid of pi , i would demand exact change that would teach them to be such smart alecs !
1	dont you mean carrots ? ! ? ! ? !
4	very good point , but that being said google has a war chest of more than <> billion , public opinion , and a constant stream of information to the public on its side further , google is a information company that dabbles in technology wireless spectrum and wireless communications technology are not its thing although never said outright , google 's actions within the tech world suggest that they feel that wireless communication should be unobtrusive dumb pipes basically i'm betting they are willing to fight for this the reason no one fights or wins on the side of fixing the patent system is because no one with the money to do so cares to try that is changing now so basically , the country is bought and payed for by corporations , and one of the biggest just switched sides
1	goddammit if you had read the article , you would have seen the answer google started off bidding constants that were less famous , than say , pi
2	perhaps they 're worth a lot , and i guess if google had won at <> <> then it would have been a good acquisition , but not winning them and making another company pay well over the odds is also a good outcome for them will the patents really bring in or earn them an extra <> in revenue ? i doubt it
2	use of lmgtfy is to show how it was just as easy to google the question instead of asking reddit and wasting someone elses time
4	they probably are n't going to be splitting up the patents , they 're probably going to be sharing ownership as in , they can all use the patents , it 's not like company a gets <> patents and company b gets <> the entire point of patents is that you get to keep other people from using the patents presumably those companies are in competition with google , but not with each other bringing google into the fold might defeat the entire purpose of buying the patents
4	well , they could just pay <> , <> , <> , <> and tell them to keep the change
4	it says all the other companies won the portfolio even if they all agreed to split the single block of patents , they now have to work that out amongst themselves and they all spent their money on it if there were any patents google felt it needed , they would have found a way to get something they wanted
4	fair enough of a point i still feel like google did n't take it seriously enough if they wanted or needed those patents , they could have gone for it i feel like if they want to keep companies innovating , they would be more than happy to share they 're not fond of patents in general , especially not software patents it could very well be that they did n't want to necessarily deny the other companies the ability to do certain things , but they did want them to pay a large amount up front for it
4	well , hopefully it 's more likely they just spent money on them as a legal defense and they 'll end up never using the useful ones or even looking at the useless " patent troll " stuff it 'll sit around and they wo n't touch it unless someone tries to sue them , then they 'll double check they do n't have a patent on it already but with some luck they 'll try to fight each other , especially once they realize google probably has no use for them and neither do they except as a legal defense
4	so , those companies will be so busy suing each other that by the time they work it out , the patents will be expired )
4	based on this context , it 's easy to figure out what to search for google did something similar with the spectrum auctions a few years back
4	wow it took the combined resources of <> companies to outbid google
4	they should have bid tau ( http tauday com )
2	not really google obviously did n't care , they just made life difficult and confusing for others sony ericsson does their own thing all of these companies cooperate to some degree i 'd imagine things would be more awkward if google went out of their way to target sony 's efforts and block them from getting anything , but that 's not the case
4	technically , sony ericsson was n't in the deal just sony and ericsson ( sony ericsson 's owners )
4	sure collectively these companies paid <> times more than the patents were assumed to be worth , but individually ( with even division ) they only paid <> million each , or significantly less than google 's opening bid of <> million couple that with the fact that google already has a weak patent portfolio and i could see these nortel patents being used to coerce more android oems and perhaps google itself to pay licencing fees to this consortium whether those amount to <> <> billion is anyone 's guess though
5	hmm i do n't know are people really that stupid ? i think they would 've been confused as to why google was bidding this way , but they probably would 've been smart enough to round off pi to <> <> billion in their heads
4	so if google won , would we be talking about how the other bidders got google to bid <> <> billion ?
4	considering apple has some <> billion lying around , it 's more about business strategy than resources
4	erm , they did n't bid <> <> , they bid <> , <> , <> , <>
4	may i ask what they 're for ? ( is that rude ? i have a feeling it 's like asking a woman 's age or how much money somebody makes sorry if it is )
4	i think the other article at the same site pertaining to the result of this auction is more informative as to why these patents and applications are strategically important http www reuters com article <> <> <> us nortel idustre7600pf20110701
6	what could they have done though ? it 's an auction if google bids just to push the price up , that 's their business it 's still a valid bid they could have known exactly what would happen the whole time , and there really would n't have been anything they could do to stop it
4	drop in the bucket yes , but they also then divvy out the patents
2	no i was n't trolling at all not sure why you would think that , i do n't see any sarcasm or indication of this i do n't know what 's contained in these patents and i wanted to know what exactly they were buying , patents for what sorts of things what 's in there that 's worth <> billion dollars ? are companies basically going to patent troll other companies so they 're afraid ? i doubt the lawsuits are worth more than <> billion ? or are they going to get royalties thanks for your post
4	hahahahahahahahahaha
4	if google had won at <> <> then it would have been a good acquisition what is wrong with you people ? if google spends a large amount of money , it would be a good aquisition if someone else spends a large amount of money , google tricked them into spending more than they should have i 'd make a crack about cupping the google guys balls while you guys blow them but you probably already are
4	i did read the article ) pi was just an example my point is that people are n't that stupid at least i hope not ! ) the weird numbers would 've confused everyone , but it would n't affect the decision making or the math if rival a decided <> billion was as high as they were willing to go , then a bid of pi billion would shut them out it did n't matter that google was choosing weird numbers that were n't rounded
4	they did n't bid pi dollars , they bid <> , <> , <> , <> dollars there 's no fractions of cents to deal with , they did n't say " we bid pi times a billion dollars " , they said " we bid <> billion , <> million , <> thousand dollars " , which just so happens to be the first few digits of pi
5	oh im sorry i misunderstood your comment yeah lol , exact change with pi would be pretty hard
4	it 's not serious because they could have payed up for some patents and instead walked away with nothing despite their antics
4	they were n't expecting to spend it or they would have
4	google involvement in the united states <> wireless spectrum auction ( http en wikipedia org wiki united states <> wireless spectrum auction google involvement )
4	google 's bids were mystifying , such as <> , <> , <> , <> and <> , <> , <> , <> " google was bidding with numbers that were not even numbers , " one of the sources said
4	i 'd rather seem them spend pi billion dollars lobbying the government to get rid of the fucking patent system
4	<> billion is <> times <> million
5	they should have used tou
5	more like a billion pies
4	cool and all , but they did n't actually win any of the bids
4	you do not fail if you do not win an auction if you win an auction and the price is to high you loose if you loose an auction where the price is right or to low you win
5	but i thought patents were supposed to help the little guy kind of hard to come up with <> billion just to start a business , no ?
4	things like this make me want to continue being a cog in google 's money machine i hope they never lose their sense of humor
4	<> <> troll google , getting other companies to waste money on patents they do n't care about by bidding strange numbers
4	it is time for google to become more serious about such things p
5	i do n't see how it could work you could n't have exact change to pay ( or could n't get exact change back )
4	largely decreased warchests you 're joking , right ? <> <> split amongst <> partners is a drop in the bucket for each
4	not sure if your trolling however , your question is friendly enough so i 'll bite the patents were with regard to lte basicly , they give the holder rights over technologies related to how lte delivers streaming media to mobile phones since google is getting into the mobile market it seems reasonable that they would want these patents this is based on the old logic that google wants to use them as a carrot and or stick to keep companies in line and promote its market dominance my opinion is that the old strategy is not google 's strategy my reason for this is first and formost page is in control i hate to sound like i'm swinging from another man 's jock strap but page has not given the impression that he likes political bull shit this is the same guy who opposed working with china ( it was okayed by schmidt ) , and started a book scanning project basically on his own licensing be damned , and effectively blew of the investment industry he has given a strong inclination to only like the advancement of technology , not its ownership i'm pretty sure his logic is " i'm rich , so i want to do what i'm interested in now " he is using his ( big ) company do work his on agenda and truth be told , the guy is freaking smart look at the free wifi in mountain view this is not google trying to bring free wifi to the world , its an example of what others can do what could happen the same goes for think big with a gig this is n't a reach into the teleco market , its a threat to teleco to improve lets not forget that google is on monopoly watch and really has to be careful with their acquisitions my assessment is that google 's war chest will go to both grass root and higher level political change geared at changing the way patents are handled
4	it 's clear that they had ulterior motives to their actions they obviously did n't intend to win anything or they 'd have made a more serious offer
4	google did something similar with the spectrum auctions a few years back , also successfully lobbying to put certain requirements in place for how the spectrum is used google never intended to win , but their bid was serious enough that it made others that were intent on winning pony up big and have to take the new spectrum with the new rules
4	just because they had some fun with the numbers does n't mean they were n't serious they bid up to <> billion but were unwilling to go up to <> <> billion it took a consortium of <> giant technology companies to outbid google that seems pretty serious to me
4	i expect it 's cheaper to hire lawyers than to pay so much
2	they did n't actually bid pi , they bid a rounded version according to the article , they went to the fifth decimal place ( and then multiplied it by a billion )
2	nah , they bid what they could either way this just shows that they can do two things at once
4	oh , i think google will care very much when android comes under ever more fire for patent infringement
4	ha ! these are just numbers on a computer screen its not like someone seriously has a briefcase full of <> billion dollars waiting to be payed out to a patent troll at some auction
5	whatever its reasons , google 's shenanigans did not work shenanigans ?
4	til <> <> of reddit knew the approach and plan google was bringing to a <> , <> , <> , <> auction too bad microsoft , sony , apple and intel did n't think to outsource themselves here to get the scoop on how google would approach the auction could have saved themselves a couple of billion
4	considering sony ericsson was in this deal it 's going to be pretty awkward next google io
4	thanks
4	the story makes it sound rather like the patents were up as a single unified block so , no , it 's quite likely they could n't have
4	that 's why i always just round pi up to <>
5	for a technology company , it is disappointing that this is the best they could do i mean , why even bother
4	if they really would have bid pi billion and won , it would have taken them until infinity to get the last cent right with a file and fine sandpaper
4	the reason that is so is because google could really use the patents , so if they won even if they won while paying a little too much , it would be a good move for them these other companies do n't really need the patents like google does , so making them pay too much is also a benefit to google
5	yes make them fight against each other excellent ( http i imgur com zsixg jpg )
4	if google really needs the patents then they did n't win no matter how much their competitors paid
4	if you wasted your own time getting a lmgtfy link , it could have been used better to get an actual link
5	assange has been in detention for a bit this might be putting a damper on things over at wikileaks
4	give credit to the shrinking attention span for anything of importance and people 's current cover person are soooo sparkly
6	what bank will you change to that does n't use visa or mastercard ?
6	yeah i'm still wondering where the relevance is too if i wanted to read about this , i would have gone to r politics or r wikileaks
5	predatory financial activities are usually in a convenient grey area , which is why nobody has been prosecuted for the gfc
4	so they do n't process transactions for peta , greenpeace , the kkk , the republican party , the democrat party , and so on
4	of course there 's a big difference between the illegal activities that governments use to make money and the illegal activities that make governments look bad the same goes for the use of armed conflict , etc not to mention the convenient use of the term " illegal " and " international law " ( i'm looking at you , america and britain )
2	assange not being able to leave is house is a huge deal he wont be seen at important places no walking out of interviews inside of stations or walking out of huge court houses with hordes of press this died down the talk between the masses distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well
1	asperger 's riddled morons ? have i missed something ?
4	good luck however bitcoin is why bitcoin failed
3	note to non europeans this is not a lawsuit it 's a complaint to the eu 's dg iv ( competition commission ) demanding that they <> take emergency interim action reinstating the contractual arrangements in place before visa mastercard ordered teller to terminate datacell 's ability to process payments <> conduct a full investigation into visa mastercard 's actions with respect to violation of articles <> & <> of the treaty on the functioning of the eu it 's about abuse of dominant market position it 's worth noting that eu competition law ( and this may be unique to the eu for all i know ) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position , but also to act with " social responsibility " dg iv is the commission responsible for the <> intel fine they have teeth and do n't care one bit about how many lawyers visa and mastercard can afford to line up in a row
4	hope this goes through also , as someone who check out r wikileaks every day up until about february , i am a bit disappointed that the attention to them seems to have died down its a bit past due to put out all that unbelievably damning information on boa that they promised in nov of last year
4	feel free to mail a check
4	keyword possibly violating laws also , visa and mastercard still allow donations to the ku klux klan , so your argument is completely invalid
6	can someone tell me how they 're violating laws ? as i see it , the people leaking the documents to wikileaks are violating the laws
4	there should be a presumption of innocence here , otherwise they could blockade anyone with the words " possibly violating laws " of course i 'd expect the financial system to help the authorities but i still think they should request court orders before blacklisting people otherwise what 's next ? political blacklists for people in the wrong party ? the rule of law is about making people play according to published standards , not making ad hoc decisions for political gain
6	you really do n't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world ? there have been hundreds and thousands of examples of us companies violating laws locally and abroad why draw the line here and now ? as you said , it 's a business their intent is to maximize profits visa and mastercard run the credit card industry worldwide consumers have little choice between the two so continuing to service wikileaks transactions could only mean greater profits payment processors would never be " on the hook " for actions wikileaks takes can you cite a law or precedent which led you to such a conclusion ?
2	it was clearly not business decision for obvious reason credit card companies stop doing business with companies that take in payments for products and for some reason do n't deliver there was no fear of that because wikileaks was taking donations even if wikileaks would have been deemed terrorist organization later , there would have been zero risks for credit card companies working with wikileaks before that they are obliged to follow only legal orders from government officials , not pressure that happens behind the doors
1	if i go buy a gun on my visa and kill you with it , your family ca n't sue visa try again
2	i used my card on an adult webcam site once , visa shut my card off the next day i called and was pretty upset that i suddenly could n't use it , and they told me that i had some charges that they ca n't allow , so they assumed it was stolen
2	the apple twins are lying to you but you 'll believe them , because dammit they 're just so cute
2	if that really is the reason , i do n't understand how credit card processors can even keep open one day every organisation out there is possibly violating laws all over the world should n't they make things easy for themselves and let the courts decide whether something is illegal or not ? whether someone is a criminal or not ? innocent until proven guilty , you know
2	i worked for an independent sales office that sold merchant accounts for a while we were told we were n't allowed to sign up doctor 's offices that performed abortions or medical marijuana dispensaries because the guys who owned the company did n't believe in those things
5	the difference is that child pornography is actually illegal also , their payment provider is n't threatening to report illegal activity to the police they 're threatening to simply cut payments they ca n't report the activity as illegal because it 's not illegal
4	ah , we know someone 's losing an argument badly when they bring child pornography into an unrelated thread ! p
4	i little off topic , but kind of relevant i had an atm machine malfunction and destroy my debit card on a a saturday afternoon i inserted my card , the screen kind of flickered , and it told me to insert my card again , then came a horrible grinding noise i had no card and no cash i called wellsfargo , fairly upset they said i would be able to get a new card mailed to be and that they were sorry regardless , i had to borrow money to pay for food and gas saturday night and all of sunday what if i had been traveling ? what if i was in the middle of new york with only a debit card and an atm machine grinds it to pieces , what the fuck would i do ? !
6	well , i for one is chocked the dude is still alive just because we expect something to happen it does n't mean it 's right , though
1	most certainly fucking not ! ! ! !
2	i 'd imagine that at some point they do if they know what the charge is going towards with these twins its a gray area but let 's say a someone is using their visa card to pay to some child pornography ring monthly and it is quite obvious from the name of the charge i believe the credit card company or at the very least someone in that company should notify the police but like i said , in the twins case i do not have a solid yes or no
2	how could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them that would be because of the us supreme court decision new york times co v united states , <> u s <> ( <> ) ( http en wikipedia org wiki new york times co v united states ) next stupid question , please
2	that 's what journalist do all the time , i do n't understand
2	two words , media coverage four words why ?
2	visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit i do n't think so to decide , we 'd both have to read " articles <> and <> of the e u treaty , which deal with competition among businesses and forbid the creation of anti competitive cartel " have you ? edit i 'll explain my reasoning in some more detail there are conflicting rights here the right to freedom of association ( even for large corporations ) is the one that you raised there is also the right to freedom from discrimination on arbitrary criteria e g that a bar should not stop someone coming in if their skin is the wrong colour now the usa generally sees freedom of association as more important and europe generally sees freedom from discrimination as more important your values are not universal this case is in europe , as the phrase " file a complaint with the e u commission " makes clear so your statement that they can do business with whoever they want is basically false in europe in the case of a bar , you could always find another bar that does like your kind , but when visa , mastercard , and paypal are all shutting you out ( and transparently obviously with no real reason other than the us government leaned on them ) then you are seriously disadvantaged
4	they prohibit customers from directly or indirectly engaging in or facilitating any action that is illegal ? wow that should cover a lot of people in the banking industry
4	so mastercard should stop taking payments for things that are bought from spammers those guys are breaking the law , right ?
5	you really do n't understand why companies would choose to stop doing business with an organization that is possibly violating laws all over the world ? it 's not a moral judgement , it 's a business decision the risk of processing the transactions is n't worth the reward of the transaction fees if ( if ) wikileaks gets in a bunch of trouble , payment processors do n't want to be on the hook under any odd legal statutes i do n't understand why you think it 's a legitimate use of government power to force company a to do business with company b , especially when it has no net effect on the citizen consumer
6	to be fair , visa mc big banks were caught by surprise when the durbin amendment ( capping debit card interchange fees ) was added to the dodd frank act ( http www reuters com article <> <> <> creditcards shares idusn1815625320100518 ) granted , visa mc have managed to soften the blow ( http www ibtimes com articles <> <> debit card interchange fees durbin amendment fed visa mastercard american express dodd frank htm ) prior to implementation , but it will still cost the big banks billions of dollars ( http online wsj com article bt co <> <> html ) per year
4	depends on how you see it some people like to live in regions which ensure that a cartel ca n't choose to censor whoever they like but blocking money flow i can see your side , but it 's just the rules of the place if they want to work in the eu , they have to abide by its rules
4	i think something like bitcoin is the future of currency the problem with bitcoin , though , is that they engineered it to go right into a deflation spiral no currency can survive without introducing money supply into an economy , because economies increase the total wealth as a matter of course every time someone builds something , or puts an hour of work into something , wealth is created that wealth needs to be represented by a new dollar , or else the current dollars gain value if current dollars gain value , then no one spends , and if no one spends , then the few dollars being spent again gain value ( since they 're the only ones that are n't hidden ) , encouraging people again to spend less , etc eventually , the money is hoarded instead of spent , until a new currency is adopted out of necessity usually some form of barter or commodity , which makes all those hoarded dollars useless this is n't speculation this is a pattern that has happened in history many times , such as the <> century crisis in rome there 's no mystery to what happens to a currency that does n't inflate along with the gdp of the economy but , i bet something like bitcoin will happen , as an emergent phenomenon ( as soon as a model that does n't deflate is created ) it seems inevitable peer to peer networking is unstoppable , and the security measures of the idea are fundamental when the next " bitcoin " happens , the old systems will be helpless to prevent it it 's like a bullet that can kill the beast , but it has n't been loaded yet i think it 's exciting
3	the problem was atrocious security on one of the main exchanges " asperger 's riddled morons " as you call them have nothing to do with devaluing of the currency
6	wut ? how is the currency damaged ? what flaws are you specifically talking about ? if you 're thinking of the recent mt gox debacle then you misunderstood what happened
4	they also use their authority to control adult websites the apple twins have said the reason they do n't get more intimate on their website is that their payment provider has threatened to stop taking payments if they step over the line
4	assume that the eu 's commission just ruled that stopping payments to wikileaks was the most " socially responsible " steps visa and mastercard could have taken at the time do you still love that law ?
4	its not stealing , its voluntary whistleblowing and it would n't be necessary if governments would just be transparent in the first place
4	it 's not their decision to make if they 're in a position of monopoly ( iirc anything over <> market control is considered a monopoly and has to abide by extra rules to keep operating within the eu borders , as detailed in article <> of the eu competition law )
2	there are people who take wikileaks seriously ? i just assumed the op was making a joke i thought it was hilarious
2	thats not how the world works though people ( the masses ) need to put a face behind a movement so when they think about the information , they have a warm feeling inside that someone is " handling it " all of our recent presidents have been puppets rulers of this world understand this concept theoretically , yes people should just focus on the information , but if you look at whats going on this does not work wikileaks has released a lot over the last year , but nothing has gotten press like it did when assange was out there talking about it
2	what fanfare are you referring to ?
5	that 's not correct the reason they were introducing diluted coins is because their money was backed with gold , and you do n't have total control of how much new gold you can introduce into the money supply when they could n't find more gold something they have little control over no new money was being introduced to represent new wealth being generated by regular work when new money is not being introduced into an economy , it causes deflation to combat this , they minted diluted coins as well as went on military campaigns to win more gold both are silly solutions when the actual sickness is a lack of money supply due to the availability of gold , a completely arbitrary backing so , no the dilution of the coins was not due to inflation it was a reaction to rampant deflation this caused what is best explained by gresham 's law " bad " money is spent first , while " good " money becomes hoarded because they had to mint dubious coins due to deflation , some coins were more valuable than others , even though the government wished for the people to value them all the same so , every time it came time to buy something , if you had a dubious coin , and you also had a " good " coin , you would keep the good coin for another day and spend the " bad " coin whenever you could the result of this is that the attempt to mint " bad " coins to make up for a lack of money supply did not solve the deflation , since the money was still backed by a totally arbitrary substance gold and the real gold was still being hoarded away the only way in that situation to bring back confidence in the money was to either introduce enough gold into the economy to actually represent the gdp something that could only be done at that point by conquest , causing more military spending or to abandon the completely uncontrollable and arbitrary gold backing , which is what modern economies have done
4	visa had a <> market share in europe back in <> source ( http www nytimes com <> <> <> business worldbusiness <> visa <> html ) , i doubt it 's less than half nowadays you 're referring to article <> , the one that deals with cartels , article <> is about holding a dominant market position which is the one they seem to be violating ( ie blocking access to wikileaks donations which in turn blocks access for large part of the population ) edit here 's the integral text ( http eur lex europa eu lexuriserv lexuriserv do ? uri oj c <> <> <> <> en pdf ) points b ) , c ) and d ) seem to apply
2	they sound just like another company , greedy for money it sucks you 're getting downvoted this is the fact that many people fail to realize assange wanted to make money off of his leaks when he could n't find a buyer he attempted to raise awareness of his " cause " by being as dramatic about it as possible
2	sure , but do credit card companies have the right to police it ?
2	but incest is still looked down upon by <> of america i'm pretty sure the kkk is looked down upon by more than <> of america , but visa and mastercard process donations for them
5	i'm not listening
1	have you guys actually tried to read the doc on that page ? it is absolutely atrocious commas out of place , common words misspelled , terrible sentence structure just begin reading part <> for a few paragraphs are we sure this is legit ? there is no way a serious organization such as wikileaks would " release " such a document no spellcheck ? hm maybe it was scanned in using ocr ?
6	posted in r technology really ? ?
4	well , both of these are why my advice to people traveling is always to have two credit cards from different banks , both of which have been used recently and are paid to date
4	i agree that the credit card companies have a right to refuse to engage in objectively illegal activities but things that are more subjective or based on moral judgements should be left alone
4	thanks for clarifying it for me
4	well assange is alive because he is worthless wikileaks bradley manning 's info assange attention whore with nothing to offer bradley made wiki leaks and when all his info has dried up they will fade away completely as we have already seen them doing
1	unrelated ? i mean i am currently sleep deprived ( go figure for a redditor ) but this spawned from conversation about visa saying they would stop payments for incestuous teens on their website and i likened the incestuous acts to child pornography in that to many it is grotesque and not right i do n't know how it was an argument oh well
2	that was about censoring the media , preventing the government from censoring them they still could of been prosecuted edit i read the whole article , but the summary sums up my point president richard nixon had claimed executive authority to force the times to suspend publication of classified information in its possession the question before the court was whether the constitutional freedom of the press , guaranteed by the first amendment , was subordinate to a claimed need of the executive branch of government to maintain the secrecy of information the supreme court ruled that the first amendment did protect the right of the new york times ' to print the materials this case what not about whether it was legal for them to publish it in the first place
4	this is the best argument for why we need a currency like bitcoin tbqh too bad the asperger 's riddled morons have forever damaged the currency we need a bitcoin <> <> with all the flaws corrected
4	nice hope it works
1	an upvote for andy greenberg
2	while i see the point of both sides , this is ridiculous they do n't have to give them their business it 's their decision to make , they are not obligated to process payments for them
2	even if they are ordered to pay billions in fines , i'm sure it will be reimbursed under the table by the us govt
4	haha i would love to be in the office when they receive the complaint and just ball it up and throw it in the trash seriously fuck wikileaks they are not some bastion of e justice they 're punks who pay people to steal and commit treason they rightly so should n't have access to funding , what the hell are they gonna use the money for besides to pay people to steal more information ?
2	what i do n't understand is why they all colluded to prevent payments in a similar passage of time payment companies are n't supposed to impose moral judgements they process payments that 's their function i consider this a good example of how businesses are deeply in bed with the us government there 's almost no way to distinguish between the two anymore
2	it 's worth noting that eu competition law ( and this may be unique to the eu for all i know ) requires a company that dominates a market not only to not abuse that dominant position , but also to act with " social responsibility " this law , i'm already loving it
4	there is no way a serious organization hahaha ahahahahahhahahahah hahahahahahahahahaha bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
4	if what wikileaks does is illegal under us law , then each also have clauses in their terms of service allowing them to discontinue payment note that illegal does not require conviction before companies can decide to stop doing business with wikileaks not that i agree , but this is the facts edit only retards downvote without pointing out reasoning flaws ) but that is the new reddit ( digg ? ) way
4	it 's not whistle blowing , everything they 've leaked has been so mind numbingly mundane it just undermines what the original information was meant to be confidential in the first place
4	well i mean sure they ca n't reproduce but incest is still looked down upon by <> of america
4	collapse of roman currency had nothing to do with people hoarding coins roman governments kept introducing coins with ever decreasing silver content , dramatically inflating the money supply and eventually drove the value to the ground that is massive inflation , not deflation
4	it 's assuming that the payment companies are working together like the complaint says , they have to prove that so far i see <> companies not wanting to do business with another company because of it 's questionable and controversial business what pisses me off is that wik leaks is saying they lost <> mil in revenue sounds like they are in the game for the wrong reasons they sound just like another company , greedy for money wikileaks is n't a competitor with mastercard and visa , so i do n't see this having much weight there are probably tons of other payment methods to use in the eu , i do n't see this complaint going anywhere , but eu does have some fucked up laws
4	this is a good point
6	do any banks only deal with discover or amex ?
4	that 's interesting there were all those people claiming that wikileaks should n't surround its releases with so much fanfare but take away the fanfare and no one reads the leaks , not even the old ones
4	it 's morphed from the ' news cycle ' to the ' news vortex ' just remember the end began , may <> of this year
2	are you laughing because 's erious organisations ' make mistakes all the time , or because you think wikileaks is n't to be taken seriously ?
4	distraction is a tool the people in charge understand very well assange is the fucking distraction he has nothing to do with wikileaks , other than the fact that he 's a figurehead the focus should be on the information , not someone who has nothing to do with the actual leaking
4	they should absolutely file suit visa , mastercard , paypal they are all guilty of using market dominance unfairly
2	i feel disgusted to be a mastercard customer right now perhaps i should change banks
4	could the visa mastercard execs that signed off on this be charged with conversion of funds ?
4	it 's like the law where you ca n't find a lost iphone prototype and sell it to a shitty blog the person who sold it and the buyer get on trouble because they both know the property did n't belong to them or how it 's against the law knowingly buying stolen items how could you possibly expect that leaking classified documents is not against the law so long as your not the person who stole them
4	helping someone else commit a crime is still a crime
4	there is no presumption of innocence visa is free to do business or not do business with any organization as they see fit
6	why draw the line here and now ? two words , media coverage
3	for them it is all about calculated risk what you said is absolutely correct , every business that makes transactions with them could potentially be breaking laws the difference is that those " everyday " businesses are n't in the limelight and pisses off the powers that be or something like that
3	wl has a very obvious agenda of attacking the united states using stolen classified documents why anyone would be shocked visa does not want to associate with that is just hilarious
3	nope , companies need to prove due diligence if they can reasonably predict and prevent a violation of the law , they can be held accountable if they do not it is a legal grey area of much weaseling and lawyers , but it does exist
4	while i appreciate the way credit card fraud offices operate , i do hope that each of these folks have been on the receiving end of " oh hey , my one credit card suddenly is n't working , i'm in a foreign country , and the only number on my card is an <> number "
4	do you have some credible sources for that ? sounds rather interesting , but really different from what i remember from history classes ( and online sources i could find quickly ) also you mentioned this has happened several times can you give some other examples that i can look into ? just out of curiosity i'm not even arguing against the effects of deflation since i really do n't know enough
5	wikileaks usually attempts to build up hype for major leaks by talking about it in the weeks previous to newspapers , posting about it on twitter , that sort of thing personally , i think it 's no big deal but there are people who claim that wikileaks should 's imply do their job ' and not hype up releases
2	in it 's current form , the only thing it does is prevent average web users from accidentally stumbling across websites they would n't have come across anyway this filter is useless and i am strongly inclined to believe that lobbyist groups from the movie music industry are somehow behind it of course it is n't being used to filter websites that allegedly host copyright material right now , but it just makes it that much easier for the filter to be re purposed in the future for such uses and this could be done closed doors without any oversight
2	of course it is n't afaik the only thing it does is rewrite dns requests
6	assuming that people really do seek approval in the form of ' likes , ' does n't that make interaction online just like interaction in the real world ? have n't people always been able to approve or disapprove of things others say online ?
4	way to go nortel <> definitely wont be making any money in the future
4	they were so far in debt they had to go bankrupt i work with them every day , and while there pbx central office products are pretty damn awesome , their networking gear and key systems are not so hot i'm glad they 're gone , and that avaya bought most of them up
6	is it definitely just about wifi ? if you do n't believe how much battery the radio ( all connectivity ) on your phone takes , turn airplane mode on for the day ! you 'll think its going to last forever !
5	also , as i mentioned in another post it sounds very similar to an ieee standard it 's a subset of the wmm wifi standards that are used for qos called power save many aps and mobile chipsets support wmm and the power save extensions it 's been around since <> http www wi fi org knowledge center wmmpowersave
2	horse hockey it 's only applicable in a certain , unusual situation a highly taxed router that has to queue outgoing packets also , while the article mentions tests , it fails to mention the results for someone who leaves wireless off on my phone most of the time , this is just silly
4	nice try sleepwell software developer
2	this is lame , my ultimate juice app on android has been doing basically the same thing ( and more ) for a long time now
2	saw this before again , to double battery life by reducing wifi power use , wifi would have to have been eating up more than half the power originally that probably does n't even happen on phones , let alone laptops so sure , this could help , but doubling battery life sounds like quite a bit of a stretch
2	urg just turn off wifi when you do n't need it
2	youtube , pandora , and downloading large files are all continuous use scenarios if all you did was this , the software would do fuck all to help your battery life
2	no real breakthroughs ? what about the links we 've seen here about batteries with higher charge densities , batteries that convert kinetic energy to charge , and all the other well , breakthroughs ? ooooh ! to hit the market well played , battery manufacturers now make software to cash in further on the limitations you impose upon your own product ! step three profit
5	no thanks connectivity is spotty enough without my device being part of the problem
5	is there a way to use a black background with white text on an oled phone would n't that give you tons of extra battery life because most of the screen will effectively be ' off ' ? idunno
2	nay saying aside , if this is router side software could n't it be hacked into the likes of ddwrt ?
4	maybe it 's because skype was probably one of the first applications like that i sure did n't use skype until about a year ago now that people are introduced to this type of application , they are more likely to jump on to any competitor faster also , internet sucked shit in <> bro this article is stupid
4	tango client for ios is horrible i was getting random calls , yet calls to people i knew never worked
4	i have it installed and have yet to use it its one of those " in case someone i know only uses this " apps
4	sounds like someone is fluffing someone in preparation for a sale
4	not to mention you can use skype on your computer , not just your mobile device
1	they are on isp 's lan they can configure their dhcp to give any address they want they are implementing nat , who gives a shit what range they use
4	while the isp can definitely do this , they should n't the ip address <> <> <> <> should be available to be assigned within someone 's private local network of course , most users are n't going to use <> as their subnet since they do n't need <> full octets of addresses , but it 's definitely considered " bad practice " , if nothing else
5	i am <> <> <> <> ! ! ! i have lots of room to expand to my three laptops ugh
5	the isp 's lan as you put it is the same thing , so is <> <> ( corperate ) and <> <> what 's the problem ?
5	i have secured the isp lines into this apartment complex , and am running dhcp off a shittey flashed linksys router assigning private addresses to those that want them !
4	with that much room , you can probably add your friend 's computer too
4	wait , i'm in pakistan and i have heard nothing about this
5	i have n't been to pakistan in over seven years but is n't mobil link a mobile phone company ?
3	please do n't bring this here , please do n't bring this here
5	hey guyz i keep trying to ddos it but keep getting request timed out wtf ?
2	that address is in the <> <> <> <> block ( one of the private ip ranges ) do they have all of their customers behind a nat ? also , are they running every one of their customers through a single server ? because that 's just dumb
5	i ca n't figure out if this post is either an indication of total technological stupidity , or a joke
2	i just hope that with that stream filter you 'll still be able to choose the newest section as the default i hate how facebook tries to filter " top " feed posts , and i really do n't want them to do the same on google i just want to see what 's newest
5	that article is way off base the ability to disable resharing has always been there they will be working on better ways to filter the stream though
5	unless re sharing is disabled by default , the flaw still exists
1	this beta bs is actually annoying now i am eager to try it out but if this crap goes on for months like wave did , then i m out seriously , how come a company this big can t launch a complete product ? just sounds like a gimmick a la apple to try and get some headlines
5	wow , how did i miss that i guess the comment at the bottom just reinforced what i thought too
4	the article notes that the ability is there , but only after posting , leaving a small window where it can be re shared it is expressed poorly though
6	so we 're all essentially bubble boy ?
5	you are not helpful at all i did n't learn anything s
2	ca n't please everyone
6	i wonder if he knows about this thread
6	yeah but how do we know you are ?
4	this guy is legit i paid him <> and got back <> a week later just as promised
5	service unavailable when downloading hosts txt zip
6	how can you be sure the sharks are really on your side ?
6	how to use this add on ca n't seem to find any extra button nor graphs
2	my only criticism is that it does n't need to simulate tension physics i do n't like the way it fights me when i try to move nodes great program otherwise
6	is the plugin not working for anyone else ?
6	the collusion links to and uses data from the privacychoice trackerblocker as i understand it , trackerblocker creates cookies for those websites that allow you to opt out and sets the cookies to the opt out setting would n't it be better to just not accept the cookies in the first place ?
6	so is the tool legit ?
6	adblock ?
6	and you believe them ?
6	did anyone notice , does not work with ubuntu firefox heh automatic protection
4	ghostery does a nice job of this too been around for a while
4	t ' was all in jest haha the actual product seems legitimate
6	any chrome plugins that do this ?
4	ah , but i forgot to mention , also becoming secure means you can feel smugly superior and smirk at stupid sites like this one d
2	except they give you a link to the source code if you 're really paranoid about it , grab the source , comb it over and compile the plugin yourself
6	is there a good place to grab this ? i know i can google around but i'm not sure how reliable everything is
4	adblock noscript ghostery block the ads you do n't want , block the js from sites you do n't trust , block the tracking cookies , period
2	tinfoil does n't work , it protects the brain but not the body , and the body can be used to control the brain anyone serious about security knows that you need a hazmat suit to browse the internet safely duh
1	oh my god ! somebody should make a list of these corporations that are trying to separate me from my money , so i can give my business only to the ones that want me to keep all of it come on nobody separates me from my money i spend it sometimes i spend it with companies that have worked hard ( perhaps nefariously ) to convince me that i should spend it with them , but the fact is that i spend it if more people would own their damned decisions , rather than blaming poor choices ( and i 've made lots ) on others , the world would be a better place
3	seems creepy to me either way
1	if they 're tracking us using our credit cards , why even bother with the stupid loyalty cards ? they 're just a waste of resources
1	the idea is not that we are the products being sold if that 's not the idea then why say it ? in fact , here 's an idea , do n't fucking say it if that 's not what you are trying to say we are n't simply a product retailers are selling to us and they organize their market by what people want they buy ad space and advertise its so completely inaccurate and demeaning to ourselves as humans to call ourselves products
4	i said hosts txt zip ) but now it works
1	dear god , try watching zero punctuation with no script on it 's a fucking maze they have loads of useless shit on that site
4	without a good noscript implementation in chrome , i 've been staying with firefox even though i 'd be interested in switching its whitelist only approach works perfectly for me it is amazing to see how many different domains are blocked sometimes on one web page it is also interesting how many different sites are loading facebook & fbcdn , etc content i like choosing when i'm being social , and when i am not for example , salon com is a popular site to link to from reddit here is everything that is being loaded on the salon front page http i imgur com sbyr0 png
6	like ?
4	does that really do the same thing ? because i'm all about that , good call !
3	that particularly worried me , so it 's not getting installed
6	not hard at all that 's just easier so what 's the problem ?
6	does n't adblock already block this ?
6	so i installed the ff extension now what ? what the fish am i supposed to do to see what i am supposed to see ?
6	it downloaded for me just fine , but maybe try the regular text version ?
6	they already do that with the little card that gives you savings it keeps a list of stuff you buy so they can give you coupons for things you do n't normally buy edit am i wrong ? then why do i get coupons for a different brand than the one i just bought along withb my receipt ?
4	in effect , this system shelters you from ideas different from your own , leaving you more isolated from the world hrm just like reading primarily reddit )
6	the filter bubble is an interesting idea , and i can see how it could have a negative impact , but it seems less plausible in practice for instance , in wordlife 's example , the only thing being filtered are the ads you are shown if there 's a filter bubble to be wary of , it 's user created , not externally created in other words , i already filter content , either through only subscribing to specific subs , only searching for content that fits my views , etc ( hypothetically , anyway i try to explore outside my boundaries , but for argument 's sake i still significantly filter what i seek or view ) the danger , i suppose , lies in the if the approach is amplified significantly , as you suggested it might , and search engines hide content from you this is very dangerous , but if it 's geared to steer you towards content and interests that you already agree with or like , again the net effect would , in theory , not differ very much from the self imposed bubble i mentioned i'm not saying either is good , and the latter is definitely more heinous , just playing devil 's advocate for the ultimate outcome of these bubbles and how much of a threat they pose
4	this is exactly how i feel about chrome
2	if somebody would follow you when you go shopping to see what you 're into , would you feel uncomfortable ? probably but if i knew that the supermarket was tracking my purchasing patterns and using that to move the stuff i buy into the same area of the store , perhaps surrounded by stuff that other shoppers with similar tastes buy , i would n't find that creepy so much as convenient i guess i'm inclined to wonder how much of the creepiness of some guy following me into the store is due to the store knowing what i buy and sharing that information ( which is analogous to cookies ) and how much is due to some guy following me around everywhere ( which is n't analogous at all )
2	ironically , the site totally breaks when you 're running noscript
4	i found this ( https chrome google com webstore detail gieohaicffldbmiilohhggbidhephnjj ) chrome extension helpful
1	sorry but this thing is total crap just because sites might drop cookies from the same ad companies does n't for a second mean that they 're able to track you across multiple domains , or are linking that data together in fact , the individual sites have no access to any of that data they 're dropping cookies as part of an agreement with the ad networks each individual ad network may aggregate information about you across the various domains , but this tool is implying links among the sites and ad networks which simply do n't exist edit why the downvoting ? this tool is presenting information in a dishonest way and by downvoting me you 're just helping to keep people misinformed and paranoid about this stuff i could n't give a crap about karma this is an alt account anyway i'm just trying to offer insights into the industry from the inside
4	i use and recommend a custom hosts file , managed with the free program hostsman i also use ghostery , noscript , taco w abine , better privacy and trackerwatcher ( all firefox add ons ) they all work without conflict i also have begun using https duckduckgo com for all my searches it implements into every browser , including opera they are really doing an awesome job with this " no track " search engine alternative
6	my question is that if you have add blocker installed and never see the adds then whats the big deal ?
4	yea , i 'll get right on that with all those skills that i have
4	there is always a choice , and this is a simple one , do n't use any of them if richard stallman can do it , then so can you i'm not saying that is a fun choice or a reasonable choice or a good choice but the key word here is " choice " you have it to make sometimes they are hard and less convenient to you but you are taking advantage of someone else 's services and you have the choice to not do that do n't take away their choice or the choice of those who choose to use their service just because you do n't want to be inconveniences by your own desires
2	if somebody would follow you when you go shopping to see what you 're into , would you feel uncomfortable ? it probably depends on who it is but with these companies tracking you on the web , you ca n't really know who 's going to see your file
2	you do n't understand they might know more about you than your friends ! of course , if the most important thing your friends know about you is that you visit imdb and recently shopped for a stereo online , advertisers might not be your biggest problem
6	what is privacy ? i'm not going to answer that question we all have our own definitions but certainly being anonymous and untracked is a large part of it if a neighbor spied on you starting with " public " information what car you drive , do you rent or do you own a home , what you do for a living are you married or single , have you been divorced and then went on and kept track of private and personal stuff what shows you watched , what newspapers you read , what music you listened to and everything else about you you 'd do whatever you could to stop the situation typical large companies are like the hypothetical neighbor their thirst for information is unlimited they do n't define words like " private " and " personal " in a moral or ethical sense their working defintion of words like those is to just reach out and grab as much as they legally can and sometimes ( most of the time ? ) they will go over legal boundaries to capture yet more data they want to know all that stuff that makes you you before the net was as it is now it was theoretically possible for companies to gather info about you but they 'd have to do so manually and grab one paper record at a time and , of course , it was absolutely a financial impossiblity before the digital reality even the most powerful companies and corporations in the world would n't have tried efforts at alchemy would have had a greater chance of success and been cheaper too but now we live in a world of digital inter connectedness file cabinets worth of data about you can probably easily be had and all that data is valuable very valuable
4	you 're exactly right ( this is what i do ) by allowing advertisers to target you with relevant ads , you 're helping support your favorite sites google 's empire was built on ad revenue all the cool stuff they do for free ? all paid for by ad revenue the volume of data we 're talking about here is so massive that there is simply no privacy invasion to us , you 're all just a bunch of numbers we see so many requests per day ( measured in the billions ) that we do n't even log it people see " tracking " and get worried , but the reality is that there 's no way to tie any of this data back to an individual even if we wanted to
4	thank you i swear , <> of redditors wear tinfoil hats how this stuff blows up like this , i have no freaking idea when did perpetual paranoia become so cool and accepted ?
5	you and i are a dying breed , judging from the comments i'm not that old , but it does seem to me that there is a generation now that does n't care at all about privacy , mostly because they do n't understand the consequences of not having it
4	as you swipe your debit card no , joke 's on you
7	neato , thanks a bunch
4	thanks for this ! added to ghostery , noscript , adblockplus maybe even forgetting one or two
6	in what other situation is doubleclick net etc actually required as a host ?
4	" <> ? i love <> ! " napoleon bonaparte
5	probably too many replies down and we forgot smile
6	be careful with hosts blocking ! it might slow down your internet connection when you use that huge list below in this topic ) ( because all outgoing connections need to be checked against that huge list ) other than that , it 's very effective and works universally for all browsers and applications with embedded browsers ! you could for example use it to block live messenger ads
6	then switch over to the desktop site how hard is that ?
6	how do i know buy useing this i'm not just adding something new tracking
6	can it show what happens when i have privacychoice and noscript installed ? i assume this will make a difference , and maybe that site is just trying to fud me
5	it 's bad when that data turns up in background reports and you do n't get jobs because of your activities " so mr pickle , it seems from your background report that you play video games you are <> , do n't you think that is a bit childish " then you do n't get the job
6	anybody know what version of firefox the add on works with ? i was told its incompatible with mine ff <> <> <>
7	took a look at my domain , i'm thankful the only red dot i have is google ads not great , but acceptable
2	it is impossible to have any other choice give me an option for email , search engine , social networking , news website that does not perform these practices even those websites that are paid still track you and sell you advertisements
4	i just removed it oh well , fun concept
2	" i do n't trust the internet and i never will " abraham lincoln
2	i hate when people say that , its such bullshit i'm not a product if you want to call yourself a product go right ahead if i use something i do it because i want to , i'm not using it to be bought fucking christ the only people who say this bullshit are people who are trying to get you to stop using a product or service and switch to another product or service or maybe they are just fucktarded maybe brainwashed point is , if i use facebook i'm not a product , im using their service in the process of using their service , i see a few ads big fucking deal its equivalent to saying , " hey you just walked into a mall you are now a product because you are getting in for free and people try to sell stuff to you " if someone said that to me i 'd give them a swift punch to their fuckin face for being a total faggot
4	hey freind , i'm the prince of nigeria i has an intresting proposition for you
4	thanks )
2	ctrl f upvoted it 's frickin ' disturbing to see how many sites try to track you abp noscript ghostery ftw !
2	it is too much work , bitching is so much easier
2	reddit1990 , i do n't like your posts
1	joke 's on them i used a fake name and phone number also , i frequently forget the fake phone number and have to get a new card f u trackers !
1	i do n't have any of those cards because i'm loosing control over my privacy when i use them
4	i 've been using this custom hosts file for years now , it does n't have any noticeable delays performance issues sure it 's inefficient , but it blocks ads from within programs also no windows live ads , no xfire ads , no aim ads etc
2	mine just sits there like a lump no red dots , no gray dots useless
4	that 's a cat and mouse game the browsers cannot win extensions are the best way to make it happen
4	i 've been a user of noscript for years , and i will never uninstall this add on any reason you use privacychoice as well ? i googled it quickly , but i'm not entirely sold
2	for me the issue is less like someone following me around the store when i shop i am cool with amazon knowing what i am looking at on their website but i do n't necessarily want them following me around everywhere else i go to see what i am into i want to make the decision about what i want to see , not have some random algorithm decide for me
4	i love ghostery this needs to be the top link installers , make sure to turn on blocking as well , otherwise it just identifies the trackers
4	he says he works for mozilla toolness http www toolness com wp info in the " about " named anchor link hey , i m atul and this is my blog i work for mozilla , live in san francisco , and am excited about design , building things , teaching , and learning i m currently working on hackasaurus you can reach me by sending e mail to my first name at mozilla dot com , or by yelling at toolness on twitter
6	the wife put it in the glove compartment of her and her husband 's jointly owned gmc yukon i do n't understand why this is news she was the ( joint ) owner of the car that 's what this whole case relied on
4	i'm going to assume it 's the responsibility of the driver to know who the owner of the car he 's driving is )
1	damn it came here to say same thing she is tracking her car , he is free to preserve his privacy but can not have an expectation of one in a jointly owned car so long as he knows it 's jointly owned of course
2	so it 's also ok to tap the jointly owned phone , install a spycam in the jointly owned bedroom , etc ?
4	very good
3	frightening ! waiting for my toaster to pop up and revolt
1	what a ridiculous stretch of a title ! the idea behind this work is that if you run this software and you take a picture of other people who are also running this software , then it will be able to automatically tag them in the photos imagine a combination of facial recognition and spatial reasoning via wireless communication reasonable reading of this by including my phone in the loop , i may actually have some say as to whether or not i get tagged at all when people take photos of me furthermore , i would get information as to who is taking pictures of me , which is a great heads up as far as potential privacy violations are concerned sensationalist reading of this spies !
5	i would feel sorrier for the poor isps if the government was n't handing out billions of dollars in grants for broadband development , and if comcast did n't just report <> increase in profits in may , and at & t was n't reporting profit gains these companies are n't hurting by any stretch they just know that in many cases , customers really do n't have a choice fuck these isps fuck every last one of them
1	this is a clear case of a monopolies imposing anticompetitive practices that hurts the buying power of the consumer yet the ftc is investigating google for setting the default browser to their engine , something that can be changed to a variety of choices by customers the fcc 's commissioner leaves to take a job at comcast <> weeks after approving their nbc merger ? what are they seeing that i do n't ?
4	totally agree i routinely use <> a month from comcast without any issues as long as the prices remain low , why does it matter how they decide to charge you maybe people who only use their internet to check their email and play a couple games dont feel like they should have to pay as much as people who use tbs per month downloading and seeding you 're right though , resistance on reddit is futile
6	internet service in australia is good ? first time i 've heard that
1	nice try , government shill
1	let 's not forget the shit that comcast pulls like charging <> a month for tv , phone and internet but if you do n't want their tv and phone you have to pay <> a month for the same internet
6	is n't this was all antitrust laws are designed to forbid ?
2	the government would really really appreciate that
2	when i pay my home phone bill i get to talk as long as i want data is dirt cheap it 's a fact
4	internet service is shit in australia currently but the upcoming government funded national broadband network has some real potential i 'll take my uncapped " no competition " <> mbps american internet access over the average australian 's " abundance of competition " sub <> mbps , heavily capped choices , mmmkay
5	i think insult is a strong word for what i said , but i apologize if you were insulted its obvious from looking at your history for <> seconds that you 're not really a turfer , which is why i felt secure in saying what i did in jest but hey , do n't let a sense of humor get in the way of feeling high and mighty , captain capitalism
4	thank you for the response , and yes my example is an obvious one , although not out of the realm of reasonable speculation in the u s , there is rarely more than one isp provider in a given community where i am living now , and elsewhere , there is only one provider i do n't have the choice you have in terms of picking services that compete do you know if australia has legal requirements for fair leasing between the owners of the copper fiber , and isps ? i assume you have plenty of isps to pick from since each can lease the wiring to your home from the owner in the u s , very few companies have agreed to leasing any portion of their local loop the current outstanding agreements are between the <> or <> largest isps , and within local loop markets where they do not compete when i talk about line leasing btw , i mean the local loops between longer haul portions of the infrastructure and local sets of communities it is also incredibly difficult for a new isp to rebuild a local loop , because besides capital and investment costs , most municipalities will refuse permitting the construction of a redundant loop
5	i 've reversed my downvote , and i feel like a jackass i told the truth , i almost never downvote , but i was drinking heavily , and it got away from me if it costs the provider more to deliver the volume of data that you are requesting , should that cost not be passed on to you as a consumer ? yes , and no they have it set up as a buffet all you can eat ! the advertisements scream , and then they quietly pull you aside , and tell you that since you 're getting up for thirds , you 'll have to pay extra in fact , you grabbed a little more than is allowed with your second plate , so you 'll have to pay for that too i do n't have a problem with the concept of metered , but it would have to be treated much more like water or electricity i would be willing to pay more , but do n't tell me that it costs <> <> mo to send those <> gigs up and down give me a realistic figure , and cut youself <> on the top for overhead profit you wo n't starve , and i will be paying far less than i am today in my mind , this is where capitalism is at odds with the welfare of the people i'm not ready to call access to the internet a human right , but it 's becoming increasingly important you only have to look to areas where municipal utilities have been privatized to see that the little man gets screwed , so i'm not ready to accept that " they provide the service , they should sell it at whatever the market can bear " less and less is this a matter of luxury but what really set me off was the concept that they ( telecoms ) should be justified in overselling their throughput i think this is what i was reacting to in particular any way you slice it , it 's an underhanded and dirty tactic because of the nature of the business , they know exactly how many customers they have , at what tier , and what they can handle
4	nice try , at & t pr turfer
4	you just got yourself downvoted with the first section of your first sentence impressive
6	do n't know why people are downvoting you while i understand where you ( and they ) are coming from , isps need to invest in new and better infrastructure i would be willing to pay a little extra , as long as i knew the money was being used to improve my internet speeds ( i e fios ) honestly it sounds like isps are just being lazy , trying to gain as much profit as they can from outdated equipment
1	so light up the metric shit ton of dark fiber your employer likely has sitting around doing nothing many isps have n't innovated in years because they never had to they are making money hand over fist and are getting government payouts specifically for infrastructure upgrades yet they have the gall to whine and bitch and moan and charge completely exhorbitant fees fuck them of course , by upgrading infrastructure , they 'd lose their ability to protect their media properties this is as much a neutrality issue as anything else if an isp is unable to meet consumer needs , they should lose their psuedo monopolies
1	i know i'm not in the industry , but from my combined reading of commentary and financial analysis releases , that 's bullshit for the big isps they 're using internet service as a big profit center and the combined expenses are nowhere near as large as they 're being portrayed the bandwidth caps are pointless because so much of the expense has to deal with equipment designed for peak load , not off time use if i use <> gb month on off hours , why am i penalized while the <> guys who do <> gb each during peak hours pay nothing extra ? i 'd also be fine paying sane and reasonable costs for extra bandwidth use isp here wants <> gig on top of their highest network plan ( <> month ) anything else offers even less bandwidth than the <> gb cap ( much less ) with even fucking higher per gig bills
6	if the profit margins are so low , then what is there to complain about ?
1	your insult is lame there is a comma missing " it is wrong , fag " see ?
1	fuck comcast its actually illegal for fucling verizon to bring me fios because comcast is in bed with the local government fios cut of point is half a fucking block from my house literally this is philadelphia too , not the middle of nowhere pa i refuse to give comcast another cent , so i 've been workout internet at home for three months now (
6	any idea how we can actually stop this from happening , since we already are the consumers of their products and boycotting is n't really an option ?
6	netflix is right to do this , but i ca n't understand why more content companies are n't on board with this thinking it hurts all of them netflix , amazon , apple , facebook now with video chat google they are all going to lose customers to this
6	" is vexal chinese ? " " what ! ? ! " jules shoots brett in the arm " does he type chinese ? "
2	i almost never downvote , except for spam congratulations , this is a new level of ridiculousness i have never encountered it does help me understand , in part , why legislation is so far behind the excuses and lies thanks for that , at least
1	fuck everything about this
2	duh , you think isps will change their services so customers pay less ? hahahha where do you think you are japan ? south korea ?
6	i do n't understand how they can even attempt this without it being an obvious attempt to block competition the solution is simple tv stations need these companies to broadcast their stations give each broadcaster a of ad revenue generated based on the amount of viewers they have fox , nbc , abc , ctv , global need comcast , rogers , bell , etc as much as they need them
2	and while the monopolies , the conglomerates and the studios attack them with internet throttling , caps and bad press they make enormously massive deals with them with the other hand as if nothing remarkable is going on at all capitalism is a dirty thing
6	which is a good argument why network access providers should n't be allowed to also be content providers
6	where 's the no part ? how is getting more money from consumers not the point ?
6	this is true , but that money has always been there i do n't understand how they managed to do it back then ( bell ) vs now
6	charge users by the amount of data they use will end up costing consumers more is n't that the point ?
2	paying by the bit ? well , i 'll pay for the <> , but i ai n't paying for the <>
2	what sucks is that most people use below their bandwidth limit but these isps are unwilling to let a few people go above it something like less than <> ? it 's the nature of corporations sigh
2	it 's not necessarily that the isps want the customers to pay more , but that the isps want customers to pay them more only when they push netflix out of the market will they consider ratcheting up the prices )
2	i interpreted the " no " part as in " no , it 's actually something worse than simply higher bandwidth costs "
5	you see that is where i failed )
2	because they also instinctively become anti competitive and in doing so they cease to adequately serve both network access and content this can be a problem especially when all of the network providers do this they each become a monopoly the problem then becomes breaking up these antitrust cartels what do ?
4	go e2v ! i did a very brief work experience placement there many years ago , and i 've always loved the company )
2	corporate america has fuck all to do with business in china trying to compare western morales and standards in business and culture to those in china is a ridiculous comparison if you want to compare then compare their actions in china to other businesses & organizations in china if they 're on the good side then then they 're doing good , regardless of how that stacks up anywhere else in the world a country and culture does n't change in giant bounds , it changes as a gradual shift in a direction if they chose to leave if they could n't play by american rules while working in china they 'd be out and something likely government controlled would be put in place
1	but we need our monies ! ! ! ! fuck the people
2	so it 's like the super reaching interpretation of the usa 's commerce clause with an " if you are n't with us you 're against us " idea on economic participation ?
6	ms & cisco they know apple 's " walled garden " will be easily fully embraced by the chinese gov ' t and they want to stop that ?
6	i 've been living in china for a few months now and i'm not really understanding if china really is all that bad the people here seem to love their government and are optimistic , and how the government works very much synchs with the people 's own opinion on how it should be perhaps we should just mind our own business
2	pundits in the press and on the internet have been saying that microsoft is pure evil for over a decade everything microsoft does is either evil , or is not good enough to make people change their views of ms 's evilness the best example of this is the " bill gates borg " ( http a fsdn com sd topics microsoft <> png ) icon used for all microsoft stories on slashdot org it 's a picture of bill gates as a borg , representing the " assimilate or die " evilness of the man apparently becoming the world 's biggest philanthropist is not enough to change people 's views of him so yeah , i think it 's a smart move by ms to say " fuck it , if people are always gonna view us as evil then let 's be evil if we can make money from it " it 's not like critics of this move were using bing anyway
6	so we start hating on microsoft again ?
2	as ever , corporate america will choose to make money rather than bother about morality just like ibm supplying tabulating machines to nazi germany so they could maximise the efficiency of the final solution and the bush family firm doing business with the nazis even after the us finally got round to making it illegal to do so
4	i think microsoft is ( at least partially ) a force of good http www microsoft com about corporatecitizenship en us our actions in the community employee programs aspx
2	" like other online platforms that do business with china , microsoft will be required to self censor its search results " sounds like nothing new for bing search results
2	capitalism does not work that way good night
6	refusing to assist the chinese government would be minding their own business , yes ?
2	i'm sure " microsoft " ( because it 's basically just <> or <> people in a room , right ? ) care about what the press ( sorry , reddit ) thinks about anything it does unless it makes business cease to want their servers to work if so , luckily , they have an entire division of the company to deal with that " youse guys , fuck it , right ? people think we 're evil let 's just do evil first , let 's get some lucrative contracts providing the chinese government with networking systems and stuff it 's the perfect cover for our real evil plan advancing an opressive political regime oh noez the eff is telling us off ! "
2	there is a middle ground between actively helping a totalitarian regime and actively standing against it i'm not sure about microsoft but cisco has crossed a moral line by aiding and abetting the chinese government in it 's censorship technology sure they make profit but at what cost ? i do agree that there is nothing any outside forces can do to compel any nation state to embrace western ideals of freedom and democracy
2	indifference to good and evil is a capitalist ideal
2	they funded a third party as a weapon against linux companies they routinely manipulate internet standards and psuedo standards solely for their own fiscal benefits they have bought off people on standards boards to get their things through in order to keep government contracts first <> that popped into my mind
2	the main problem with that is that anon is n't shy about taking credit for what they do they have their own set of morals and are proud of what they accomplish
2	welcome to america , where being a certifiable retard qualifies you for government work , but people who 're actually interested in securing our democracy ca n't find a job even when they practically scream it on the interwebs , afterall the bribes would n't sit well with them
2	i submitted the idea that government would " hack " themselves in order to pin the crime on anonymous and push censorship bills months ago
6	why bother with engineering when familiar office products will suffice ?
2	wank wank about how much higher than your 's my iq is & it is comment about how i did n't say it qualified you for all government work bemoaning the fact it 's quite plausible you ca n't even follow this reasoning
6	is n't that how a lot of cowboy it firms operate ? especially in education actually
2	i do n't know what you guys were arguing about ( since it 's deleted now ) , but this welcome to america , where being a certifiable retard qualifies you for government work really frustrates the hell out of me my fiancee worked her ass off to earn <> degrees ( ba , bs , jd , & mpp ) so she could work for the us government because she knows she can actually make a difference where it counts what she has done for this country and for the environment would put you to shame there are idiots in private , corporate , non profit and government please be more respectful
4	exactly !
2	as soon as the media finds the next suitable distraction for the american public , they cram it down their throats this happens so often that people are overloaded with information panic from the continuing crises , and forget things that happened just months before
6	why would the government hire firms to create fake online profiles ?
6	what else would you expect from the lowest bidding contractor ?
2	oh , so it 's a conspiracy , not a conspiracy
6	were you being sarcastic just now , or was that a really bad typo ?
6	contract ' er ? i hardly even know ' er !
6	wait , the fbi uses access databases ? ! ? & <> & <>
6	whatever happened t the hb gary controversy from a few months ago ?
1	i like how all these important security type contractors don ' t sanitize their fucking database queries is this the level of incompetence my taxes are funding ? the fuck
3	better hurry up and pass that interwebz kill switch or we might have more hackings very scary be afraid we might need a tsa for the internetz
2	i smell a conspiracy going on
1	fantastic , now they 're a threat to national security just what they fucking needed
2	it is n't a conspiracy the us government consistently and constantly conspires against its own citizens to fulfill and maintain the interests of our plutocracy it 's simple truth
2	oh so the fbi just overpays someone to use access for them got it
6	if downvotes reflected reality i 'd be in trouble i'm a bit surprised there 's such resistance to the idea that " conspiracy " is a loaded word
1	to be fair , his original comment did say ' implies '
2	what would you call and unhealthy distrust of government ?
1	what the fuck are you trying to say ?
2	not loaded just a term of art conspiracy is at its most fundamental level an agreement it speaks not to a lack of evidence or anything like that conspiracy is the agreement the conspiracy itself occurs when person a says to person b wanna do xyz , and person b agrees before person b agrees , there is no conspiracy said otherwise , it is an agreement between <> or more people to carry on some behavior that is , almost universally speaking , illegal
3	they are playing with fire
6	why would they do this ?
5	why do n't people hack cia or nsa ? the fbi are good guys
4	thanks ! i cannot edit my submission , but i will hope i have learned from this so that i will not make the same mistake again
6	i would n't worry about the fbi on this one , i 'd worry a lot more about a ewd , nsa and a few other groups tucked away in the recesses of our government and military
6	another relevant question , why would our government contract private firms to , among other things , spy on its citizens ?
2	" if we actually had a direct democracy , they 'll just vote for healthcare , education and welfare "
2	yea man , this is america !
2	although , free to play games that are actually worth a damn are still very rarely found
2	of course they are taking over they are free do you really know how many people love free stuff ? being free removes all expectations , you just get it , play it , and you do n't care about anything else
2	although " freemium " games represent a large portion of the total revenue on the app store , i do n't think these games are " taking over " only a small minority of people like these games but they spend a disproportionate amount of money the majority of people still like to know in advance what the game will cost them in fact i 'd guess that many of the people playing these freemium games are children who are either unaware that they are going to get a real bill thinking it 's just game money , or else they do n't care about the cost because they have all their bills paid by their parents
6	tldr who 's going to insure that thing ?
2	yeah ! let 's get the bad drivers off the road and over our heads where they belong !
2	sweet now the epo just needs to get on the horn with the uspto and revoke that shit cause it passed in the us
3	it 's too easy to buy things online this button makes me nervous every damn time i go on amazon i was on ebay a few years ago dicking around and wondered how much it 'd cost to ship body armor or something stupid like that i somehow ended up buying the body armor so now i have a kevlar vest in my closet
6	problem ? i think not
5	this is a good first step unfortunately , it wo n't have that much effect , since the functionality still enjoys protection under us law i have always wondered how the uspto could justify allowing protection for something so obvious and trivial i just assumed it was another piece of the corporatocracy that is so pervasive here
2	it 's too easy to buy things online i agree , in part it gets addictive , but that is on you , not them you can hardly blame them for making it easy to buy their products it 's up to you whether you want to store your credit card info , for example having to type that every time would certainly curtain my buying a bit ( specifically on amazon ) this button makes me nervous every damn time i go on amazon it would make me nervous too , that 's why i just disable it ( http www amazon com gp help customer display html ? nodeid <> ) i somehow ended up buying the body armor so now i have a kevlar vest in my closet i 've bought stuff on ebay accidentally , but fortunately it was a relatively cheap lesson the nice thing about ebay , though , is that you can simply sell the item again and recoup some of your costs heck , what make and size is it ? people here ( or , more likely , on r guns ) may be interested
4	the joke 's on them , they gotta find it first !
6	i have enough issues with privatized prisons , without privatizing the tsa as well when the only motivation is profit , rather than law , let alone justice , it makes me very distrustful next we 'll have judges elected based on the size of their corporate funding , or politicians funded by untraceable corporate and international funds damn already got that ( http en wikipedia org wiki citizens united citizens united v federal election commission )
4	thanks !
6	what does this have to do with technology ?
6	i wonder what their salary was are they being paid a decent wage ?
1	was he never fucking searched ?
4	nice ! lock that scumbag up !
7	he did it for our personal safety !
1	i for one am shocked , shocked , that an employee of a government job which barely requires a high school diploma and no psychological evaluation would be caught stealing other people 's shit
2	i was being sarcastic in response to a red haring , distracting , and irrelevant " expanded government " argument but i 'd argue an anti tsa sentiment has been strong since its inception the internal battles tsa faces are their own public outcry towards their abuse of power is ignored , so no tears are shed for them
6	are you positive you do n't want to see a partnership between privatized tsa and various prison contractors ? i mean it makes the whole process more efficient , does n't it ?
5	my bad i guess the previous <> " anecdotes " are n't a factor here
6	on the other hand , the article referenced by mr craptastic ( above ) states so what are the odds that a tsa employee will steal something from your bag ? in the last decade , fewer than <> out of the tsa 's <> , <> employees have been arrested on suspicion of theft , melendez said that 's about <> <> so maybe that <> is the total employees in the last decade ? which probably makes more sense , and is slightly less scary ( as a fledgling army )
4	his mother must be proud
1	ah , reddit ! i post a question about sentence spacing conventions to r linguistics and get downvoted into oblivion for bad subreddit selection ( because sentence spacing supposedly has nothing to do with the structure of language ) and this anti tsa bad cop no donut thread in r technology gets <> , <> upvotes i officially give up no , really reddit fuck you in the anus
2	you 're evil !
1	well it is circumstantial but the tsa has proven over and over again that you will leave your shit in their trust , and they will rifle through all your shit , and do all this in private , and leave a nice card telling you they just went through all your shit not the same as leaving my laptop in the careless surroundings i call my home
4	ebay to the rescue ! they 're the biggest fence laundering company in the world you can sell anything and not be questioned about where it came from
1	as a baggage handler , fuck you i have taken time to close your unzipped bags and shove your shit back in we do n't have the time to sit around opening up bags so we can find the good shit we have to download those <> bags in <> minutes before you complain about how long we are taking to get your bags back to you at the baggage claim area , we have to rush back and grab the upload to the next city so that we can get it out on time and not get our supervisors in trouble because we are at least semi decent people i have never stolen anything , and the closest i 've seen to anybody stealing anything on the job was a guy grabbing a lighter out of the belly of a plane because he had no idea which bag it came from
6	one ? where 'd you get that number from ?
6	how many tsa employees have been arrested now ? seems like there is a new story like this every week !
5	we have to download those <> bags in <> minutes lol
5	lets not wait for it to get worse its bad enough already worse no freedoms left at all
7	thank you for respecting my wish to not be bombarded with news of atrocities i ca n't do anything about s
2	i dont know where you work but i bet this shit happens in miami all the time
2	at least tsa agents ca n't steal my penis
6	an airport worker stealing ? i find this hard to believe s
2	i have n't clicked the link yet , do you think i can guess what color his skin is ?
2	did he pee in luggage too ?
1	spoiler alert ! there is no baggage heaven when they die they get crushed and shredded into a mulch that is used to make playgrounds , rainbows , kitties and poptarts
6	iunno the coast guard ?
4	absolutely , hey ! do you want the rest of my kool aid ? we are all drinking it up
1	did he have an x box <> , ps3 , and a half dozen blu rays and games on him ? because a tsa employee stole those from me
2	i try to give people the benefit of doubt i probably should n't do that when it comes to government
2	evil genius !
1	you do know that property gets stolen everyday from other international airports , hotels , taxis even from people 's houses ! gasp the poor children ! there is no evidence what so ever that there is a systemic problem with theft at the tsa
2	it 's stories like this that make me wish opposing the government was possible but not in this country !
2	wait , you want the government to be in charge of watching the government ? splendid idea perhaps we can have even more government that watches the government that watches the government
1	seriously , pack guns ( http www vimeo com <> ) with your normal belongings and everything is fixed suddenly , the tsa can no longer open your suitcase legally without you being the in the room , so they can fuck off with the requests to know your suitcases passwords
6	oh good lord why would you check your computer ?
2	can we get rid of those mouth breathers now ? i liked flying better when i did n't have to submit to imbeciles playing dress up
6	i'm shocked , shocked i tell you !
6	they doing wood carving in the dark ?
6	i believe the vast majority of tsa employees , and airline baggage handlers , are honest people i also believe the vast majority of the passengers boarding planes are honest people , but that does not get us onto the plane without going thru screening and , perhaps , body search tsa employees and baggage handlers being no more honest than the general flying public , my question is does every tsa employee and every baggage handler have to go thru a security check ( scan and maybe body search ) every time they report for work in secure zones of an airport ? and for extra safety , every time they leave a secure zone ? ( obvious not on exit , or this guy could not be walking out with stolen stuff ) who screens the screeners ?
1	fucking badass
2	baggage handlers have been stealing stuff since forever
4	you are a hero
1	you sir , fucking rock
7	well played , good sir thank you for making this world a better place
4	i think i felt safer flying before the tsa was established
6	what does this have to do with technology ?
1	i never said those anecdotes constituted data i was just providing a citation ( not <> , but enough to show that it happens ) besides , i would n't really consider news stories to be anecdotes it may not be scientifically rigorous data , but it shows that tsa agents do steal from passengers tsa hate aside , it 's hard to blame all of tsa for this the tsa is accountable because it 's their employees who stole from passengers while on the job not only that , but it seems to be a regular occurence who else would be to blame other than the tsa ?
1	" the plural of anecdote is not data " and <> ? where the fuck did this number come from ? and how many tsa agents are there ? that number could be a minuscule fraction of a percentage
2	do n't be a little bitch , just do it , we do n't need a post telling us you 're quitting
5	shady south florida
6	holy shit , that 's a frightening subredit but until this has been made a rare occurrence , i 'd say it belongs both there and in top subreddits for maximum exposure seeing as how it impacts a very large population
2	a dick ass thief with the force of law behind him
2	and a dick ass thief that was paid by the tsa and given permission to go through your stuff , again by the tsa they chose him to work for them , not the other way around
6	i wonder what the eu will have to say about that ?
2	the " right " ? no , no they do not the ability ? the access ? i have no doubt that they do however , anything you give half a shit about should be encrypted before placing it on any network accessible storage
2	we 've reached the day where it 's safer to pirate software than it is to buy it
1	so only buy american made devices that have our spyware on it !
6	the more i think about it the more troubled i am by this news i guess now norton will have to add an eprom circuit resource sucking feature along with all the other sucking features it has
2	goes well with backdoor ridden american software
2	of course , our enemies ( china ) manufactures most of our shit they are smart as hell and will use our stupidity against us
6	sounds like a great service , but can i make a suggestion ( it seems you are the founder of openwatch ) ? this is the openwatch voice dropbox , a service for remotely recording encounters with the police and other authority figures this call is now being recorded the proposed soundbite is too long in my opinion people who call the phone number will already know what openwatch is and what the voice dropbox does the current soundbite is unnecessarily long and descriptive also , presumably the longer the soundbite , the longer before the pbx will start recording the call , which is also a negative i think a minimalist approach would work a lot better ( beep ) openwatch , this call is being recorded or just openwatch , recording coincidentally i just received my new studio condenser microphone in the mail today , so i could do a recording or two , but as i said , the current soundbite needs a bit of re working i think
6	huh ?
2	that would be perjury if she does in fact remember the password
6	you posted in quotes , what 's your source ?
3	that 's the scary thing they do n't have to prove her wrong if a court orders her to decrypt the drive and she does n't she 's in contempt period and the judge could jail her for life because of that
1	good luck with that eff over here in the uk and the eu , judges have been falling over themselves making daft analogies as excuse to force people to incriminate themselves edit england and wales supreme court s & anor , r v <> ( http www bailii org ew cases ewca crim <> <> html ) the judge said , " the actual answers , that is to say the product of the appellants ' minds could not , of themselves , be incriminating the keys themselves simply open the locked drawer , revealing its contents " what fucking nonsense
4	the best analogy is probably this let 's say that i'm a suspected bookie , and that i have a book that is indecipherable to anyone and they think i know the code the book could have anything , it could have family recipes that i did n't want to share , it could have my own personal finances that are completely legitimate , it could have nothing but the finest brazilian fart porn , it could have all the bets placed through me , or it really could just be random letters typed by a monkey the question then is , can i be ordered to decrypt my own book ? and if so , if i say that some sections are just random doodling or nonsensical phrases , can i be thrown in jail for not " decrypting " those sections , even though they might not have a decryption ?
6	let 's say they 've had enough probable cause to arrest you ( maybe someone that you may or may not know says they placed bets through you ) the question is is there any circumstance under which you can be forced to divulge from your own brain the necessary information to reconstruct other information that could incriminate you ?
2	me thinks you have no idea what you are talking about http www truecrypt org docs ? s plausible deniability
4	that 's interesting i live in england and although we have certain rights against self incrimination it 's not the same nowhere near as strict my own non legal opinion , i think if there is some kind of probable cause to suspect someone is breaking the law , e g someone reports that their company 's accounts do not add up properly and the accountant keeps all the documents on his encrypted drive , then it seems to me to be a good idea to order him to allow access to them as part of an investigation he is not being forced to confess to his crimes as the only witness , because this is n't an interview or a question about his guilt , it 's just a set of exhibits really the crime in saying no might be willingly prohibiting an investigation or the spoliation of evidence ?
2	blame windows
6	i wonder if it is really " prove " or suspect because in a court of law , that two very different issues
3	the problem with this that if i lost key to the safe , or simply refused to open it , they can simply break the lock with encryption for all intents and purposes this is impossible and there 's no way to know whether the person really does not remember or is simply lying in this case it would be unfair to ask the defendant to provide something that he is physically unable
4	yeah , i fully expect the difference between the regulation of thoughts ideas and objects will start getting very blurry over the next decade take a look at bitcoin for instance , the closest regulatory analog for it is speech , there is no items changing hands between transacting parties , the data does n't even go directly between them , but to everyone clearly governments will want regulatory power over powerful concepts backed by encryption
2	oops , i must of glanced over that part
6	yes i have this is a repost
6	that is also pretty awesome , though it seems like a half way point between standard drive systems and what the op showcased note , the hog drive wheel has transmission and steering in one , with less than <> moving parts ? i do n't think the forklift shown here is as functional or well engineered edit now that i 've finished that yt video , i can assuredly say that sidewinder is hella more complex , and i do n't mean in a good way five motors ? ! ? the hog can function at over <> ( seemingly ) of omnidirecitonability with a single motor , and gets full <> omni with <> motors
4	now i just need a giant robot to put it on and i can take over the world !
4	my god , that narrator has a deep , velvety , rich voice i want one ( a laser , not a narrator although having a narrator for a couple of days might be interesting )
1	well fuck it then just build more coal burning generation stations ! there 's obviously nothing we can do
4	in a way , this is a good thing this shows that there 's enough energy there worth going after but yeah , expensive lesson
4	it was built in ireland , like the delorian enough said
4	i wonder why they did not design a device to test the tidal force before hand , a simple device just attached to the base before the turbine was deployed oh well , at least good will come of it )
1	what a shit title !
6	do you know what the secret service actually does ?
5	the most important part is in the conclusion it s a little early to add it to the list of practical problems for web workers
4	as cool as this technology is , i really just like to sit my ass down on a comfy couch when i play video games if you 're going to be moving around that much just go do it in real life
8	oh , sorry , no , it installs , it just does n't have any of the fancy <> bells and whistles , no vector graphics , etc it certainly still works though
6	i do n't understand how it ca n't work on there ? i have a shitty mytouch <> and ever since i got the <> <> update i got the updated maps with turn by turn , transit , etc
1	damn , none of it works on my htc wildfire oh well first smartphone and it 's already obsolete i think i'm going to go live in the woods
2	the new version of maps crashes on me all the time i 've been using it to navigate a new city all weekend and it locks up constantly
2	they should offer full city packs for offline usage , its useless when you 're in an area with no <> signal
4	it gives questionable " best routes " in chicago too it 's useful but far from perfect
2	not to mention the areas are tiny it still does n't replace a gps app
6	i use it in philadelphia and it seriously has changed the way i get around the city it 's amazing before all i knew where the trolleys , now i am a bus master as well and can get anywhere in the city pretty easily
2	my experience in philly is that the times may be a couple minutes off for stuff like trolleys and subways , though it is often pretty damn close , and many times accurate to the minute buses are hit or miss though with the times , but what can you expect that 's just the fault of the public transit and i know our buses do n't have any fancy gps shit , even though it would be awesome the one thing about those timetables here though is that while they might not be accurate about the time it arrives , the total trip time is almost always accurate down to the minute for me at least
4	hmm strange , i would think a place like nyc would be fine it works great for philly and nyc has way better public transit as far as i can tell probably works well in dc i would imagine though i would have also imagined nyc would be fine so maybe not
4	actually it works on android <> <> and higher , so it should ( and does ) work fine on the wildfire
6	livejournal has always had the most amazing feature set , pretty much unrivalled by other blogging platforms i think a few things have failed to see it " take over " <> going paid premium too early , just as a plethora of free systems was springing up <> having a difficult and limited customisation system ( compared to other blogging platforms ) <> losing out to blogger in google 's algorithm ( whatever google says , blogger blogs get heavily weighted in its rankings over livejournal blogs i can attest to this , having maintained an identical blog on both platforms ) <> being a " blogging " platform rather than a social networking platform , putting off those that just want the social features and yet not giving a blog the sense of " individual websiteness " that blogger and others do ( see <> ) <> missing market opportunities ( which one can also criticise reddit for why was there a market need for disqus , when lj 's amazing , unrivalled comments system could have filled the void ? similarly why do so many sites now outsource their comments to facebook , why has n't reddit stepped in , for example ?
3	i 'll check it out ! give me a couple minutes oh god " permissions " " http " , " https " , " tabs " , " cookies " , " management " , " notifications " , " contextmenus " , that 's a lot of permissions , and it wants access to every site why ? that 's about it chrome is a lot more secure with extensions so you ca n't do a whole lot there
7	understandable thanks for replying anyway
6	must have got lucky i guess
6	is that why russians always add my lj for some reason ?
5	the whole brazilian obsession with orkut and general shunning of others has always struck me as kind of awesome
4	it 's funny because it s true
6	your ignorance is astounding
3	amen to that !
3	it could be just how the strange extension system they used works still i do n't trust this thing
7	hah , that was it ! forgot i had that installed thank you
6	i seriously do n't get what the difference is
2	i had this problem too i believe the contacts are put into their own group when you import them from the csv , so you have to move them over to the 'my contacts ' ( default ) list or whatever so g can pick them up
6	really ? i was actually referring to facebook connect g fb is n't about migration , it 's about actually overtaking it something like yahoo messenger now you no longer need to have a yahooid to use messenger you can use the messenger as a facebook messenger and talk with facebook friends no need to have a separate id i e no need to have a yahoo id my point is , then you do n't need to get a new account whatever new social networking sites come along , they will just be extentions of facebook it already has absorbed the competition with connect ( fucking myspace has it ) and so you wo n't or rather ca n't part with facebook anymore
7	thanks ! i tried that but nothing happened it just refreshed to my google feed
6	why ?
2	wow that is incredibly stupid and useless
4	game over , man ! game over !
5	strange , i do n't feel any excitement at all
4	cool can i have a google invite now ?
4	and twitter and my blog and even myspace i want to be able to type something up on my phone and annoy everyone with it at once !
4	now all we need is a way to post our google streams to facebook , instead of posting seperately for each site i'm thinking a little blue f icon next to the share button on google
7	google came to me at a very important time in my life , college to real world transition while i still have a couple of semesters in college it 's nice to know when future employers do a background check and ' google ' my name they will see my google public profile , which will essentially be my resume i love this concept
2	oh jeez might as well include webshots still getting emails of x many views this week didnt know anyone even used it anymore
1	i could n't get it to work just gets stuck at the loading screen
7	reap sympathy karma , duh !
1	i installed it you ca n't see notifications or messages you also ca n't actually comment on anything , you have to open facebook separately i found it useless and uninstalled
6	then do n't use it ?
7	thanks , dude
2	this is why i have n't touched any g extensions yet waaay too soon , there 's gonna be issues
7	thank you very much for doing this
4	get this man to the top !
7	thank you so , so much ! i installed this on chrome , and am glad i saw this i know you 're not a chrome developer , but is it possible any of these things could be transferred into their chrome extension ? oddly enough , my search was n't overrun ( i use the almighty duckduckgo ) , and i'm not sure how to find the rest of these problems in my preferences
7	yeah when i saw this i looked at permissions for the chrome extension , saw that it injects content scripts into all sites and was " oh no you did n't " it is also not in the chrome web store which is exceptionally suspicious fortunately for chrome users an extension ca n't run arbitrary code on your system and become more than a browser extension so for chrome users if you just uninstall the extension it will be gone for firefox users unfortunately that is not the case as every extension can pretty much do whatever it wants ( thanks for looking into this and warning people about it
5	wow , my apologies ! this extension was posted by lifehacker so i automatically trusted it was ok lesson learned , for sure
4	hey rdj ) strange running into you randomly , but i thought you 'd want to know this comment was ( rightly so ) bestof 'd http www reddit com r bestof comments ila7i roguedarkjedi reveals the dangers of good work mate nice to see that healthy level of paranoia )
4	most impressive
4	no , but they might come to g as well it 's like dualbooting
2	i for one look forward to facebook when all you holier than thou nerds move to google
4	that 's wonderful , however the rest of us have more than a handful of friends and as it stands i think i know <> people who have even bothered to get an invite
6	russia is to livejournal as brazil is to orkut ?
6	facebook ? real men use friendster
4	exactly , and like dual booting its a pain in the ass make your mind up and use one or the other and everyone uses one , so i'm sticking with that
4	heh , quite alright you pointed out that i did need to go back and rework the updates into the main points now
4	long live lj !
2	your friends are not going to suddenly leave facebook , i hate to tell you
6	never heard of it is it also a crossrider addon ?
4	there 's also a cool new feature that allows you to stay in touch with your facebook friends it 's called facebook
6	when was the last time you tried this ?
6	going to two different websites ? who has the time ?
3	omg but but but i gave facebook all of my information and now they are using it ! ! thats evil ! !
4	in fact , not a single line of google facebook code is obfuscated , and it 's all clean , readable , and commented that 's simply not true even it were , it pulls in code from external files , which would n't need to be obfuscated , given that it could change at any time without notice
4	exactly you know what i do if i want to stay in touch with the people i'm close with ? i call them i invite them to dinner we chat on msn , like we always do facebook really shines at sharing a few stories with me about the people i'm not really close with , but who i clicked with and enjoy hearing about
4	well that 's a good sign then , i hope !
5	yeah , no worries while i enjoy lifehacker every now and then , you should know that lh rarely tests the stuff they are suggesting , and when they do , they never actually look at what the software does behind the scenes ( because in most cases , that 's not easy to do , it takes time and they have a story to write ) edit suggest should be suggesting sigh
2	go to facebook privacy settings applications remove " google plus " in chrome , remove it from tools extensions in firefox , tools addons
4	i brought some jato orangereds ! strap it in , and hold on !
4	arbitrary code on your system technically , it still does i have a feeling the chrome version also contacts the server for the js file it needs to execute , which makes it just as vulnerable it still runs in the browser , but should a hacker take over the crossrider system , all users are instantly vulnerable because the js changed would be sent out and executed on all client browser instances become more than a browser extension well , it 's still a browser extension , except it does change settings that should not be changed without a really really good reason ( like it adds a full browser to the mail application , thus a startpage is also included , because how can you browse without some sort of startpage ? that 's bland ) anyways , glad to be of service
7	thank you d
7	whoa o thanks for letting me know , that 's really cool
2	ugh embedding facebook in google ? no thanks
7	i was going to post that sometimes a re boot can be helpful , which is all the techie stuff i know i now want to meet with a speeding train , thank you roguedarkjedi
1	shit just got real
4	google facebook allows you to view your facebook stream as you 're facebooking in google while you facebookgooglebook ! ! !
4	the best part is that you do n't have to switch from top news to most recent
6	user setting permission wise ? not much ( http www reddit com r technology comments ikymu googlefacebook allows you to view your facebook c24p017 ) they 're still doing the same stuff in terms of logging sniffing scanning as done in firefox
5	never heard that one before ( wayevil " yes i have ! " )
2	because of google i deleted my facebook yesterday , but my myspace and livejournal sites are still active
2	too many edits , too many updates too much technical lingo can you make a tl dr for us dumb folk ?
5	wow , awesome work have you looked at the facebook to picasa photo app ? i do n't have a link right now unfortunately
1	thank you why the fuck is this post downvoted ! ! fuck you people , if it were n't for him i ( and a lot of people ) had n't known about this even if it was not " serious " it 's useful information ! for the downvoters who downvoted roguedarkjedi , fuck you
5	this is why i wonder why people seem to like the tools to invite all of their facebook friends probably <> <> are n't really friends anyways , why not start over with google ?
2	it 's more the fact that they 're asking for that wide scope of access to begin with regardless of whether they actually utilize all that data , i'm not at all willing to test the theory
1	then fuck it then an extension that asks for permission to do whatever the fuck it wants and does as little as let you see a feed but not interact with it ( besides the fact that it 's trying to cross platform <> things that are meant to be separate ) ? useless invasive shitty so yeah , if you installed it , that still makes you a moron
1	you can as an extension author actually specify which pages you need access to ( https code google com chrome extensions manifest html permissions ) the user will then get a popup like the top one ( https code google com chrome extensions permission warnings html ) , containing a url rather than " on all pages " this chrome extensions requests access to http https that said , i skimmed through the extension code and all it seems to be doing is add the facebook icon when you click it , it adds an iframe to the center of the page that loads this page ( http googleplus crossrider com facebook stream html ) i could not find anything malicious , but keep in mind i just took a quick look does this mean it 's safe to install ? maybe i'm staying the fuck away personally let 's say there 's an update where the addon author starts tracking what pages you visit , the information you give to said pages , etc chrome wo n't ask if this is alright , since you already allowed the extension access to all pages , be it http or https also , what is to say they wo n't be scanning modifying the facebook stream before passing it on to you ?
1	adding a new circle today called " why ? " , as in " why the fuck did you add me on google when we have n't talked in over a year "
6	i 'd love to hear how that is n't true by all means , show me a line of code that is even remotely confusing edit also , i just skimmed through every file and did n't see anything that could be mistaken for " pulling code in from external files " you 're just making shit up
2	so did google assimilated all other web search engines i do n't think i want to root for either side
2	exactly assimilation is defeat
2	i have n't looked at what it does in chrome as i'm primarily a firefox developer ( on the browser front that is ) i could dive in , but i do n't know the chromium api as well as i know gecko , so i ca n't tell you of all its dirty tricks there
3	first off , thank you for the insightful post ! my fear was that this extension falls into the second category in my mind , it falls under both executing remote javascript in window chrome is a huge problem , especially in the way they are doing it but the fact they can , at any point in time , force users to install additional junk without their permission as well as the fact that it has the ability to scan your emails and inject content into the emails you write , leads me to the belief that it is also rather malicious however , i can see why the developers did these kind of things maintaining a user base for an addon is incredibly hard , much less than trying to a dollar off of it my point was that a firefox extension which is blatantly malicious can trivially move outside of the browser to put it simply , installing a dubious firefox extension is no better than running a dubious executable there is no barrier to prevent it from persisting on your system after you have uninstalled the extension which was the initial vector exactly i'm not even sure how i can even expand on this , you 've worded it really well firefox users have no guarantee that this will get rid of it the tutorial i posted will revert all changes it made up to this point however , if the server introduced more changes , there 's no way to make sure we cleaned them all however , as of tonight , i have not seen any new updates to the scripts it executes so in a way , by having this thing still installed , you 've opened yourself to a ticking timebomb ( man , that 's so cliche )
2	this not very dissimilar to what i tell myself every time i try to quit smoking ( facebook cigarettes , natch )
2	you 're still giving permission to an unknown publisher to gather essentially everything from both google and facebook to do what it does if you 're readily willing to tell a stranger to " shut up and take my personal information so i can see my facebook feed in a place im trying to avoid facebook , " all the power to you , brother it 's one shitty extension i can do without also , " internet tough guy " for dismissing a browser extension ? lol
1	then you also know that the extension injects <> js files into every single page you visit with the extension installed ? if one of these files ever get something malicious included in them , i would never know without periodically checking the fact they get added to every single page also means every single page can access them , which again is potentially bad in the end it comes down to trust do i trust a company that i 've never heard of before and know nothing about to take my privacy seriously when i give them the keys to my browser ? i just ca n't say i do even if i agree they would be stupid to try something , the world is filled with stupid people
2	my parents , aunts and uncles , who are older and now that they are on fb will never move to google do you now see why we are moving en masse ?
4	i need g first !
6	does anyone really think people are going to move from facebook to google en masse ? i know a lot of people my parents , aunts and uncles , who are older and now that they are on fb will never move to google they just wo n't do it if you 're the only one to move to google but everyone is still on fb , what 's the point ?
2	did n't work for me
6	i wonder how long before facebook blocks this
4	have an upvote
5	actually the problems with facebook are facebook in the first place it 's not about quitting a addiction , it 's getting rid of a pile of crap
5	does anyone have invites ? i feel like the last kid picked for dodgeball here
7	no thank you i was about to install this i'm glad i read the comments first
3	what do i do if i 've already installed it on chrome ? so far i 've removed it from extensions and from fb a lot of this advice is firefox geared thanks for the heads up )
5	yep my fault i'm sleepy and i read so far down your post that i forgot the tl dr was in the first paragraph my apologies
4	the odds are next to zero of somebody getting away with data gathering through extensions , seeing as how extension code is always viewable in fact , not a single line of google facebook code is obfuscated , and it 's all clean , readable , and commented
2	exactly the sort of people i want to actively stay in touch with and communicate with are the sort of people that will use google plus , rather than the sort of people posting endless poorly shot family photos on facebook
1	are you typing with your penis ?
4	guess so , that 's good though !
2	drinking a lot of soda does not equal an addiction , also please do n't belittle addiction by using the phrase borderline addiction for a website you likely just browse fairly often
6	so how do you fully uninstall it if you already made the mistake of installing it ?
1	do n't they know you 're not supposed to cross the streams ? ! ?
4	nice try zuckerberg
6	now why would i want to do that ?
4	very cool ! here 's a way to transfer all your facebook friends to google as well , if you 'd like http www youtube com watch ? v kor0lirqrwe instructions for people who do not want to listen to my stupid face sign up for yahoo go into yahoo mail , contacts tab , import contacts click facebook logo , ok to share contacts select all your contacts , export all , export as a yahoo csv file go to gmail , contacts tab , and create a " facebook " group for your new contacts to land into then " more actions " " import " then import the yahoo csv file go to google and circles tab , then " add and invite " and they 're all there ! it 's like magic that you performed yourself !
4	yes actually ( http www reddit com r technology comments ikymu googlefacebook allows you to view your facebook c24mfci )
7	thank you , but strangely none of these things were changed on my firefox <> install i simply uninstalled the add on and looked for the about config entries you mentioned but i either could n't find them , or they were set to default i did n't have a opensearch plugin either
7	rad ! thanks , man !
6	yeah , is facebook getting info from google that can be used for profit ?
4	you clearly have no concept of how browsers or extensions work the ability to modify a page ( e g change a background color ) requires access to the dom if you have access to the dom , you inherently have access to the data on the page google 's warning is informing you of this reality fortunately for everyone that is n't an overly angry , paranoid internet tough guy , the extension only runs on the designated google page , so there 's really nothing to worry about
6	excuse my limited user abilities but how do you perform the same action on a mac ?
7	i 'll have to fix this , thanks for the help !
6	i'm curious as to why it needs to know this much information ( http i imgur com qommw png ) just to import the stream i 'd also like to know if i can see my notifications and messages , because those are more important than the news feed
1	came here to aw fuck why bother posting anymore ?
4	would n't be surprised if google made this extension themselves )
4	could n't have said it better myself !
1	exactly , what the hell ?
1	yeah , i saw that and stopped are you fucking kidding me ? " my data on all websites " ? whoever ignored that and installed it anyway are certified morons and probably are also the people who incredulously bitch about a lack of privacy on social networks
6	i'm surprised nobody made a joke about crossing the streams yet
2	people do n't install this
2	well , you know , when a company releases pos operating systems for decades on end , always promising the next one will take care of the problems the last one created , the only thing you can count on is that if you were foolish enough to upgrade , you will hate it and it will still be a pos when you get to know it
8	sea ray looked like n9 except it had physical trigger button for camera it can just be one of the many n9 betas they have adopted for the integration testing purposes and for promoting their devices to operators and partners the final phone they release may look nothing and be nothing like n9 for customers even if the core hw design is just much upgraded version of n9 from the developer perspective
4	yea for software patents !
8	to be fair , microsoft 's <> , <> , <> and <> waves generally are n't impressive either the kinect being an exception
1	what the hell ?
1	wow hell of a definition
2	eh rim still has a huge stronghold in the corporate userbase it is eroding , but frankly not as fast as it should given how crappy the product is but the userbase is worth something nokia is also a sinking ship but ms basically bribing them to turn them into a win shop may play out well , it may not i think ballmer was an idiot for spending that much , but who knows
2	that 's really not what gets them a bad reputation with most end users things like windows me is what gets them a bad reputation if you do n't buy a company 's products because they play games with software patents , then you really are n't left with many companies to buy technology products from
8	so use linux or a mac or something and do n't whine so much pos does n't get to <> market share , you 're simply wrong
8	promoting your standard is n't anti competitive in fact , its completely the opposite
4	i 've been using microsoft os since <> ( my dad worked for ibm ) so i 've lived the history of their os releases and anxiously awaited the new releases with high hopes only to have each deliver new levels of suck until xp came out and by the way they did n't get <> market share by not having a product that sucked they got it through dirty tricks , strong arm tactics , having its employees engage in fud campaigns against ibm 's os <> while it was still partnered with ibm to develop os <> stealing ideas from what should have been os <> 's future to release in nt instead while causing endless delays in os <> 's development they also kept promising the moon for each new release to keep people from jumping ship another one of their dirty tricks was to have as part of their licensing agreements with the pc clone manufactures that they would pay licensing fees per computer shipped , regardless of whether or not a ms os was installed they also retaliated against computer companies that tried to ship other operating systems by threatening to revoke their licensing agreements , and legal action against them companies fell in line pretty quickly you probably do n't know any of this so you sir are wrong i 've been following the computer trade journals and news with a passion since <> , i 've had subscriptions over the years to most of the industry mags including pc week ( now eweek ) i switched to os x in <> and could n't be happier until os x came out i was a life long apple hater then my brother showed me his apple clone running os x in <> and i was impressed , he opened just about every application he had , including photoshop and several video files and the os did n't even jutter the video if i had tried to run any three of those programs my windows machine ( running xp and about three years newer than his mac clone ) would have froze requiring a reboot i still did n't jump on board because their hardware still sucked and they stopped licensing clone manufactures then the power mac g5 came out and i was in love , snapped one up and never looked back
4	i agree about the clunk statement , i feel the same about desktop linux
4	soon my friend soon
2	support seems to be dying by the day yet , the number of apps keeps growing at a great rate face it , flash on mobile is full of butthurt , and it 's just never going to take off
6	nokia is in very tight spot next year will be really interesting they have incredibly good logistic chain and they can really churn out phones like nobody else and still make profits , but their share of phone market is going down so rapidly that it might affect their negotiation power with component provides before they can increase volumes again if you look at the hardware in n9 , it 's just incredibly good phone if they manage integrate wp7 into it and make it interesting , they have change to win big but if their first line of windows phones flops , the whole company will go down and somebody will buy them for peanuts as future of the whole company depends on first few windows phones they make ( and possibly the future of mobile windows ) and they still have lots of cash , i could imagine that there will be pretty intense marketing campaign next year and the phones will be best they can possibly make
8	nokia is spiraling out of control by the time they introduce their winmo phone the game will be over
5	yea it 's dead people keep their phones for a few years
5	window phone will do fine as long as corporate america still revolves around microsoft exchange with rim losing ground fast , ms will have marketshare to take for those people whose lives revolve around email i have an droid x and love it but connecting to a corporate server is not painless last job they would n't allow it as there was no way to remote wipe the phone if lost ms understands that and has opened up office365 to add more features to that customer base plus , expect some things between facebook and microsoft that will bring a base of customers to that platform there is room enough for <> operating system in the phone market ms may not be <> or <> but they will have enough marketshare to remain profitabl
4	steve ballmer is the most profitable ceo microsoft has ever had
5	yeh , lack of <> is the killer right now for them maybe in the fall when the second batch of phones and mango comes out , it could be a different story
6	and apple is licensing " ios " from cisco you 'd be surprised at just how much of this stuff goes on in the tech world
8	it 's not technology windows phone series whatever <> is a good os by all accounts i think they just came in too late
8	to be honest , i think one big issue is that people have negative opinions of microsoft , so when they release a new product , people seem to dislike it before even getting to know it
4	good os does n't count for shit symbian was good , meego is good
6	the rate at which android share is growing is just amazing to me over <> in <> months
8	give it time there first wave of wp7 devices was n't that impressive because first waves never are in two more years we can comment on windows phone marketshare , but in the meantime it 's like blaming hyundai for poor sales in the first year in the us i know windows movile existed before , but in reality they are nothing alike in the end , love it or hate it , <> year is n't enough to decide whether it 's dead in the water or not
8	it 's time to get rid of steve balmer microsoft simply has no vision and no direction anymore i have n't personally used wp7 but everyone who has tells me it 's a great the problem is that no one gives a shit about microsoft anymore that 's not just due to to poor marketing , either the company simply lacks vision and is incapable for formulating a cohesive plan to get consumers excited it does n't matter how talented your programmers are if the top of the chain ca n't formulate a way to lead the company down a clear path , the company simply wo n't go anywhere it 's time for microsoft to find a new ceo
2	it upsets me that this is happening i love my focus , and i love metro , but it 's hard to continue to feel happy about its future when it looks so dismal support seems to be dying by the day adobe says they do n't give two fucks about porting flash over , and so on good attempt , and i hope they bounce back and when my contract is up in <> years i 'll still want another w7 phone , but now it looks like i 'll jump ship
6	from what , <> to <> ?
4	the nokia deal should help with that since nokia has pretty good distribution frankly i am more excited by mango than ios5 which i am running now but i want my next phone to be lte and there does n't seem to be any indication of when that might happen
2	yah sticking with symbian for so long instead of diving into meego full speed was a bad idea
6	sea ray is basically the n9 for win , right ? we shall see i was surprised that ms did n't pick up rim instead since they are going down the drain fast
2	do you have down syndrome ? microsoft having their own standard for their own product is not unethical
4	good for you that 's exactly what i said use a mac do n't call an os a pos because you do n't like it this is what 's called an opinion opinions are subjective
2	i'm not sure how that 's relevant just because a company makes a nice product does n't mean they are ethical yes , ms office is a nicer piece of software than libreoffice openoffice org but microsoft was still incredibly unethical about the development and standardization of their file formats
2	it 's not so much the promotion , it 's the lying , the vote buying on standardization committees , lack of cooperation with the larger community of developers , naming their " standard " in a similar confusing way to the competing ( real ) standard , including proprietary components in their " standard " , not even implementing their " standard " correctly in their own software , etc etc etc
1	you made me spend so much more bandwidth i hope you 're happy ! (
5	well , the marketing may not be poor , but it 's certainly uninspiring why windows phone when it really has nothing to do with windows ? why not a cool new name for this new metro ui os ? really jazz it up but no , what is it ? windows phone <> and people get paid to name products yawn , ms yawn
2	that 's too bad it 's a solid os , and very different and very pretty i always tend to feel like i'm a hipster with this whole smartphone os thing since i really like the alternatives like webos and wp7 ios and android are competent , but i 've never been completely happy with either but itt more competition is good fanboys everywhere are sickening
8	they really really really should have installed silverlight and the full net framework on windows mobile <> <> people are now upgrading from winmo <> <> to android windows phone <> is currently incomplete until at least this winter when they release their major " update "
1	i do n't blame ballmer , i blame the fact that hr has pretty much been running microsoft for about the last <> or <> years , which i guess is ballmer 's fault but not directly to make performance reviews more objective hr pretty much turned them into checklists every year you create a set of commitments , and your annual review is based entirely on whether you achieved them or not so your most important skill becomes " managing your commitments , " which translates to carefully " crafting " your commitments so as to guarantee that you will achieve them your review becomes a simple matter of checking off what you promised , and you make sure that the wording insulates you from any failures around you your project can go sideways and you can get a good review anyway as long as you can check off your commitments this system is a powerful motivator for everyone to make their work as predictable as possible , to take as few risks as possible , and to " push back " when changes come up in the <> and early <> microsoft was run by geeks , in the late <> and early <> it was run by accountants , and now it 's run by hr edit i should add a disclaimer that i have n't worked there in <> years , so my information may be out of date
2	you put forward some information in a discussion , telling someone to google rather than either declining to link or actually providing a useful link is just plain rude
1	i think it 's cute that a single redditor thinks he knows everything there is to know about a multibillion technology corporation , and exactly what needs to be done to get people to give a shit if only we were all as wise as you
8	agree they do come up with some neat stuff , but tend to blow millions promoting it or just keeping it alive long enough to be picked up by the market it s as if they generated no buzz at all aside from kinect , i don t remember a ms product gaining much atention their top people lack the charisma or drive
8	both ms and rim are waaay behind the competition android and ios are getting better by the day plus ms has an image problem it 's just not cool
8	if only they 'd put as much effort into making a decent mobile os as they did into their current anticompetitive antics , it would be worth buying one
2	you are a hipster oh well i guess there has to be a few around everywhere
1	by " way behing " he means " nobody wants it like zune nobody wants it
2	they still make zunes ? holy shit i honestly had no idea i'm going to have to investigate this
8	you would know better than i do since you actually worked at microsoft , but as an outsider , i get the impression that the level of skill is n't the issue as far as developing products goes , microsoft still has some of the best in the business the people at microsoft know how to program and create software like very few businesses in the world do so the impression i'm getting is that it 's not the quality of what they make , rather it 's the decision making itself it 's what microsoft chooses to focus on , where they allocate their resources , and their overall direction as a company you can have the best programmer in the world but if upper management assigns him to a useless product , his skills go to waste that 's what happened with apple when steve jobs was gone they still had incredibly talented people but without direction , they were working on products that went nowhere and made the company greatly falter but once jobs returned in the late <> , even though the general staff remained pretty much the same , the company suddenly rocketed into success because jobs and the new team of executives actually had a plan and a vision for apple i do n't work for microsoft and i'm not familiar with the company 's inner workings , so i may be talking out of my ass here , but as an outside observer , that 's the impression i'm getting
2	this the guy who names ms products really needs to go windows phone <> ? wtf kind of name is that ? the windows brand is not welcome outside it s pc realm fucker would have called the xbox the " windows game station <> " if he had the chance
4	define " way behind the competition " windows phone <> makes android look clunky
6	what , you do n't think they put a lot of effort into promoting docx at the expense of odt ( http en wikipedia org wiki standardization of office open xml ) ?
4	i love my zune hd which i got this past march , but long term support looks glum basically , wp7 is your new zune hd
4	i agree with you to an extent but even if the company is in another industry apple still needs to protect the name if app store started becoming synonymous with , say , a chain of supermarkets then appke would really lose out instead of people associating app store with apple theyd be associating it with that supermarket chain instead
8	i'm giving an example it does n't matter if they did or did n't i'm trying to give an example that the apple haters may feel more sympathetic to
6	well then would n't that automatically throw out any arguments against an " app ( lication ) store " ?
4	their business model does not rely on this term but a big money maker is their app store they have to go up against any perceived infringements on their property ( whether they think they will win or not ) so anyone else thinking to borrow a term apple uses will think twice and this is not just apple its standard business practices you really think apple would rather do this than focus on making more money ? they gain nothing from this and lose money
6	so by your argument , anyone who makes soft drinks should be allowed to call their drinks " pepsi " ?
5	i agree app store is too general to be protected i'm sure apple thinks so as well they still have to attempt to protect their property if they rolled over and let things like this happen it would get much worse for them
2	applications were called " apps " about <> minutes after programs became " applications " that no one wanted to use the term " app store " is as irrelevant as the fact that no one wanted to use the term " mp3 store "
4	lol , are you serious or being sarcastic ? some of us who have been around the industry have seen the word " apps " well before the usage by apple
1	the movement may get big and i hope it does and this is a stupid suit apple should lose all that said , getjar sucks
2	for all of you nitpicking whether apple is right , or whatever , you ca n't argue with the tldr big companies are asserting rights under the uspto that they do not have simply because of how large they are and how inconvenient it is for the little guys to respond appropriately microsoft gets <> patents , which allows them to just wave them in the general direction of a sizable codebase for money apple spams the uspto for a trademark , which it is not granted , several times , which it now asserts it had all along for an abbreviation ! that 's not a product name ! it 's all the same , and it is creating too many barriers to entry in the marketing and distribution of free software and platforms
1	fuck you and your vague title
8	so getjar admit that they 've been in operation since before the app store but after the app store became popular , they renamed their store to match it 's name ? that sounds exactly like copying someone else in order to steal some of their marketing effort i 'd like to support them more in this effort but they do n't exactly sound above reproach
1	i like apple , but they are being way too greedy as of late fuck everything about these c & d and injunctions
8	what many people do n't understand is that apple is n't the only company that does this every tech company does this that 's just how business works you are forced to sue in instances like these not to be a bunch of assholes to everyone else but to try and protect your business think about it if another company ( say , windows ) tried to name their online distribution service ' market ' would google stand idly by ? no , they would sue to protect their name yes it might be generic enough ( like app store ) that it will be allowed but google still has to sue to scare off other potential problems you do n't want <> different companies naming their product the market or app store because then that word becomes too generic and loses it 's specific meaning people will no longer think of app store apple and it will just be generic do n't let your dislike of a certain company preclude your ability to realize that this is just how business works suing to protect your ip are an evil but necessary part of the business apple does not want to be burdened with litigation against these guys , samsung , and any other company but they have no choice as a business you need to dedicate a percentage of your income to defending your intellectual property it 's not evil when apple does it ( or any other company ) they just have no other choice with that said , i think apple will lose they probably know this , too but they do n't have any other choice but to defend their name
8	it wo n't get big apple will lose but it will be a pyrrhic victory for getjar and that in and of itself may prevent others from doing something similar to this
4	because then that word becomes too generic and loses it 's specific meaning people will no longer think of app store apple and it will just be generic good
4	why is it scary ? no one wanted to use the name before apple started no one except steve jobs really called applications " apps " before the iphone ( with the exception of when using the phrase " killer app " ) so , competitors will have to think up another name hardly terrifying stuff
4	it can really go either way there are plenty of businesses with names that are very much like the name of what they are , but they were able to protect their name ( news international , for example ) and apple has invested quite a bit into marketing their app store as " app store " and i'm pretty sure they got there first android has the marketplace , amazon has the download store there are plenty of alternative names for an online software retailer those names do n't seem scary
4	" as much as we love our ipads , we must admit that so far the tablet is an optional toy for rich young people the ipad dominates tablets , but tablets are on the fringe the ipad , and the tablet , have not yet found their killer app but they will and soon both google and facebook are both about to release their first ever ipad apps for social networking and i think the experience will be so compelling that it will drive millions of new users to get ipads , just for social networking " great article
6	does anyone actually know what patents microsoft holds that needs licensing for android phones ? it sort of sounds like protection money from a possible lawsuit instead of anything too substantial
4	no because microsoft specifically refuse to give out the list citing ' administration costs ' ( despite the fact they have thrown around some very specific numbers ( http www zdnet com blog microsoft microsoft free and open source software violates <> microsoft patents <> ) for claimed patent infringements , meaning they have already done all the work and would probably only have to attach a document to an email but the claim is they had to pay for that already and need to recoup the costs ) then the companies that get the patents have to sign a thing saying they wont redistribute the list ( that assuming they ever get the whole list , ms might be worried they will tip of the devs on the quiet so they might just show enough to prove they have some patents ) the can basically go around claiming there are hundreds of patents in linux and forcing large companies to pay them money without ever giving anyone the opportunity to fix it or find prior art if a company says no , they can pick on <> specific patent to go to court over such as the way fat filesystems handle upper lowercase letters in filenames which they sued tomtom over ( http news cnet com <> <> <> <> <> html ) there was a uk court case where they had to force ms to sell samba the list of patents ( http www samba org samba pfif ) for <> and ruled that they could n't sue over any patents not on the list samba are not allowed to distributed the patents list and note this is just a list , not any rights to use the patents of course they can just make a few changes to the protocol in new versions of windows , keep refusing to implement any compeditor stuff despite it being open and get another <> years of monopoly on the protocol it also does n't stop them from using a <> party puppet company as a kind of patent shelter or alternative attack vector it also does n't stop them from pushing their standards into widespread use for example the new sdxc ( http en wikipedia org wiki sdxc ) card format allowing for sd cards over <> in size uses their new exfat ( http en wikipedia org wiki exfat ) filesystem which has new patents ( still pending ) so everyone wanting to use a basic sd card for the next <> years will need a microsoft license expect basic usb flash drives to go the same way when they reach the size limit and it 's not likely we will see windows or osx implement ext4 , btrfs or anything ( although maybe you could get away with using udf ( http en wikipedia org wiki universal disk format ) which is open and in widespread use thanks to it 's use on blu ray ( http en wikipedia org wiki blu ray disc filesystem ) , but last time i tried it on a usb stick windows would n't register it and they might not allow for the write support either ) technically all the patents are public , but there are just so many to go through , so many different components of a opensource operating system , and of course it requires both legal knowledge , programming knowledge and a very good overview of the opensource software landscape that it 's not going to be feasible plus there are still all the patents owned by puppet companies we saw that redhat novell lawsuit ( http www groklaw net article php ? story <> ) over virtual desktops from a company that had <> ex ms employees , one of which was a intellectual property expert that quit ms and joined them a week befoure the legal action started this happened shortly after ms 's claims of patent violations in linux and novell agreeing to a <> year no sue patent lawsuit agreement with ms ( guess that turned out useless for them ) the same company that are pushing ms techbologies such as net and silverlight onto the linux platform the same company that where ruled as owning the unix patents ( it could be very bad is ms buy them out in the future , although the patents will have hopefully expired by then ) plus so many of them are too vague or have prior art that they could be useless but it would require them to actually be overturned in court a court run by a judge who is a legal expert not a computer one and a court that might be in dallas texas ( which just happnes to be where all the patent toll companies are also based ) , the court that is famous for enforcing patents like that in any case , i am not a lawyer
4	you can do both
6	m when did i stumble into linux support forums ?
4	just what i thought
2	ridiculously short lifespan , especially since <> of those stories would go unnoticed in the early days of the site and never get seen at all the site would need traffic constantly to justify such a short lifetime for articles to be properly judged
5	every eight minutes an article dies sad face
4	something tells me that it will turn out to be just another online tabloid
6	wheres that sad animal lady who does those depressing commercials ? we need her now ! every eight minutes an article dies but you can help , by donating to
5	it is just like when i post on reddit , i can see itt for <> min then it disappears forever
4	i 've had no issues
4	then the pirate bay is like a vatican or mecca
7	thank internet for that !
4	inglip demands blood
4	call it the freedom heritage liberty file sharing system and it 's gold
2	i very much doubt that
4	yes , " piracy "
8	if file sharing is a religion then that makes me a high priest
1	dammit ! so close do the same thing in the us and call it " christian " somehow suddenly no politician will touch it
6	hey , it was worth a try
1	but the great god piratebay will get angry if i do n't share !
1	good , because that 's fucking retarded
2	this is an outrage !
6	i am amused
2	i do not shop at a grocery store without a self checkout period it seems like a dumb move to remove these when they can both coexist just fine do n't like having to figure them out ? do n't use it
2	i hope that does n't become a trend , i actually like the self checkout they 're great when i just want to buy a candy bar or an iced coffee and do n't feel like waiting behind someone who 's doing their entire week 's shopping
5	not available to me yet , and i have a google account
4	yippie ! ( http i imgur com oa17r jpg )
1	google is now open to anyone with a google account " for some unknown definition of " anyone " at least it is n't available to me
2	that he ca n't add
1	cameron estimates that the cost of storing energy using his system is <> percent cheaper than storing electricity via batteries based on what ? how can you guess shit like this ?
4	through the heat exchanger , modern compressors and expanders , the system approaches adiabatic operation , achieving efficiencies over <> percent yeah , right
8	that iceberg photo was debunked as a fake years ago unfortunate
4	this article was a lot more interesting when i thought it said " storing energy with compressed air underwear "
4	yawn hydro plants pump storage system are in the <> <> range if you guys are n't familiar with pump storage , it is actually a pretty cool system during the night , they use the excess electricity to pump water to huge reservoirs at the top of a mountain during the day , when electricity is needed , the water is released through generators this has an efficiency rating of up to <>
6	why not ? the cost per megawatt to store electricity is comparable physical batteries are actually quite expensive to produce the magnitudes that they are talking about is on a totally different scale for example , the worlds largest battery has a capacity for <> megawatt enough to power <> , <> homes for one hour on the other hand , pump storage systems are in the <> <> <> <> gigawatt http www bizjournals com triangle news <> <> <> duke plans worlds biggest battery html
6	what point are you trying to make ?
1	there is no official recall demanded by hdmi llc since we do n't make products but license the spec this should be headlined as hdmi llc assholes with shitty licensing rules worst case scenario is that american companies like apple can no longer sell their own branded cable however , this does n't mean that any manufacturer will suddenly stop making them ( they 're all based in china and wo n't really give a fuck ) or that no one will be able to purchase them online most likely outcome is that a group of companies spearheaded by apple pay them to simply change the rules
2	this article is ridiculous , the products on apple 's page are legal as per the hdmi spec as the hdmi people are saying that any cables with male hdmi outputs must be hdmi to hdmi apple 's are female hdmi to male displayport
1	apple you just taught us a new word
6	wait , you ' re mad at apple for this ? ! ? ! i do n't get you edit realize that apple 's display port is a free and open standard , while hdmi is a licensed greedy standard
1	displayport has an advantage over hdmi in that it is royalty free hdmi is just butt hurt
8	since when is making out of spec cables illegal ? this just means they ca n't put the hdmi logo on the packaging i doubt they care from an engineering standpoint there 's nothing wrong with adapter cables , and there 's definitely nothing against the law about them
8	hey hdmi that 's stupid i have hdmi to dvi cables up the wazoo here , are those illegal too ?
1	i think this may be worth repeating as i understand it , neither owning nor purchasing these cables is illegal it 's the companies actually producing them that are breaking the law although this is still shitty for end users , it wo n't land any of them in trouble , like some of the ridiculous anti piracy laws we have
4	i do n't think this is why they hoard all the patents in the first place they need all the patents since they have really broad interests they are doing everything so they need patents to defend it trolling android is probably just the icing on the cake just more evidence that the patent thing is stupid id rather both parties used the money to actually make something useful
2	i have n't downvoted you ( http i imgur com dqo8y jpg ) but you 're wrong ms puts out way too many products to be considered a patent troll , especially if they 've had a smartphone os for years before android even existed , in any incarnation
7	i read it for myself , thanks that does n't actually explain what patents microsoft claims are being infringed on
4	makes sense
3	m what is this , fifth grade recess ? i think this could be solved by dismissing software patents entirely , or atleast requiring them to be more specific i think it 's stupid that you can own a patent on an idea the patent system needs to be reformed , certainly , but i think throwing it out completely might be a bit extreme the idea behind patents seems okay ( encourage innovation and research by giving inventors exclusive rights for a while ) , it 's just that the current system is horribly broken
1	bullshit the only thing that comes close was a unit test that was linked to in the build that was never used the check in comments even read that someone removed it as soon as they found it
1	eat a butt
6	because that 's how the patent system works it 's silly , i know i'm actually kinda surprised that google has n't jumped in to defend itself here they 're just kinda letting microsoft run amok amongst their hardware manufacturers i know that , for example , microsoft itself provides a binding patent indemnity ( http download microsoft com download <> d <> <> a509 <> <> bb6c0a9d1b99 ip <> <> docx ) on all of their products so if you get sued for using a microsoft product , they 'll defend you in court and pay your legal fees i'm really surprised that google does n't have a similar policy in place
8	ironically microsoft is one of the largest and most vocal proponents of sweeping patent reforms to eliminate exactly this kind of behaviour in the industry the money microsoft makes from patent licenses is dwarfed by the license fees that microsoft pays to other people in the end they lose a far more money due to the patent system than they gain which is why they 're in this strange position of suing ( and being sued ) while trying to push patent reforms
1	microsoft is being a bastard , no mistake , but it 's definitely worth noting google is showing no interest in defending its partners in this nor it 's developers in that lodsys thing , come to that google 's taking the rewards and ducking responsibility
4	cool article , bro now they should write one entitled " how google games the patent system to expand its business " google " oh hey oracle nice java technology you have there " oracle " yup , sure is would you like to license it ? " google " no but would n't it be a shame if somebody looked at your code , typed it up in a slightly different way , and claimed ownership of this new code ? " oracle " well you ca n't do that we designed and created all this you ca n't just copy it and claim it 's yours " google " oh no ? technically we can as long as we do n't actually copy and paste your code and technically correct is the best kind of correct "
2	the article does n't explain " how " (
2	they should seriously proof read their articles two paragraphs in , <> errors
1	because fuck you , that 's why but seriously , either you can pay ms <> , <> to use a supposed patent , or get sued and pay tens of thousands in legal fees potentially bankrupting your entire company if you try and fight it regardless whether or not you win or maybe end up settling out of court for <> , <> since you woke up ms 's lawyer army and did n't pay up in the first place it 's just not worth the effort " legal " bullying plain and simple it 's exactly like mafia owned neighborhoods and cities back in the day anyone could set up a shop in the area if they wanted to , but if they did n't pay a " security " fee every month some terrible " accident " would be befall the store and its owner
4	congratulations , you 've discovered what blogs are
1	microsoft is being a bastard , no mistake , but it 's definitely worth noting google is showing no interest in defending its partners in this they are not " partners " they use an open source os developed and mostly maintained by google when corporation a sues corporation b it would be insane for corporation c to get involved google 's taking the rewards and ducking responsibility they have no responsibility microsoft has to be held responsible for their actions
6	ooh i hit on a touchy subject apparently so you 're saying android no longer uses java at all ? they are not using wholesale code nor have they made derivative versions ? and this ( http www fetxin com <> <> <> oracle requires billions of google for violating patents in android ) is n't true ? t here is evidence that google indeed large pieces of java code used there was that google has <> source files directly inherited from java <> of them are marked with proprietary confidental and do not distribute google used them anyway and now has a big problem all i really know is what the law blogs are reporting and there has n't been reports of much of a defense mounted by google plus google 's attempts to conceal info from the lawsuit from the public seems a little fishy and there 's been more recently you can see what top ip lawyers and professors are saying about another aspect of android here ( http www huffingtonpost com edward j naughton googles android contains b <> html ) and here ( http www ipinfoblog com archives licensing law issues infringement and disclosure risk in development on copyleft platforms html ) all i was pointing out is that the statement " google is good for not abusing patents and for actually creating products of value , " may not be completely accurate in creating android , google has borrowed heavily and does n't seem to always follow the proper licensing procedures
4	with the absurd nature of tech related patents now a days , you do n't really need to ms probably just grabs a vague sounding patent , like " method for an integrated driver to page memory when rendering ui elements " and see if it sticks what ms is showing is , even if you do n't have a patent , you can just threaten them and make an easy <> billion year
2	i'm not saying ms does n't produce anything , in fact , someone else brought up that same point , and i conceded that ms does produce alot of stuff but even so , it looks like they 're exploiting patent law the same way a patent troll would
4	i do n't think this is why they hoard all the patents in the first place they need all the patents since they have really broad interests they are doing everything so they need patents to defend it trolling android is probably just the icing on the cake i agree entirely does n't make me any less hateful toward m , though they 're being the bully in this situation beyond any doubt just more evidence that the patent thing is stupid i think this could be solved by dismissing software patents entirely , or atleast requiring them to be more specific i think it 's stupid that you can own a patent on an idea
2	that is a valid point i do n't know what patents are involved , nor do i know what microsoft intends to so with said patents but this still rubs me the wrong way i already dislike ms , and google for that matter , but i dislike google a whole lot less than ms
2	without knowing what patents are involved , i ca n't say if you 're right or wrong , but i 'll still say that i dislike ms more for pulling this stunt
7	i read it for myself , thanks that does n't actually explain what patents microsoft claims are being infringed on that 's a secret microsoft makes them sign agreements keeping it a secret
2	what is this , fifth grade recess ? i do n't know about you , but patent laws and whatnot were a little beyond me when i was in <> grade the patent system needs to be reformed , certainly , but i think throwing it out completely might be a bit extreme i agree with the sentence that follows this one , but right now , software patents can be granted for something as vague as " a method for viewing copyrighted content from a cloud storage service " , and that needs to change i think someone should be able to own an implementation of a particular idea , but to be granted a patent on something as broad as a particular mathematical equation is absurd ( http www youtube com watch ? v ka4l0jgf q & feature player detailpage t <> )
1	whilst i normally ignore all arrogant cocktard replies , ill bite all of what you said in your second paragraph is true , but we are talking about how much speed i get and how many gigs of download i get for what price i pay for it there can be a million other reasons why it costs the amount it does but you ca n't seriously expect me to believe population spread isnt a considerable factor and you cant just use sydney as the example to apply to all of australia how can you so smugly claim im wrong , how can providing internet to <> people in <> square be as cheap expensive as supplying <> people in a <> square area ? what applies to sydney does not apply to where i live and it doesnt apply to where my extended family live i live in wollongong , a commuter town for sydney but with <> minutes of expressway between the <> cities , i get a good connection with a <> party isp because there are <> thousand people living in my city , where as my aunt , uncle and cousins who live in broken hill can only be supplied with shitty telstra adsl1 speeds with crap all gigs with no choice in isp because its simply too expensive for any other to setup shop , there are not enough people there to make the venture profitable internet in wollongong is good purely because there are enough people here for an isp to be able to make a profit now , we can discuss telstras monopoly some other time but for now , you can stick your arrogant attitude up your ass and go annoy someone else
3	lol , when i think of countries like australia what comes to my mind is " omg rich western countries herp derp " but in the poor country that poland is i get <> mbs without any limits for about <> a month these limits are ridiculous , i'm very afraid this will come to us soon ( or shall i say return , cause i remember it back from the <> 's )
4	internode 's customer service has always been the bomb i 've had a great experience so far
4	hey i'm from digg too !
6	never thought of that might apply to canada 's situation as well still , both canada and australia are countries so rich it seems weird to me
5	some people have no alternative
6	iinet have <> cable yet ?
4	i personally recommend internode , i have never ever had a single problem with them , great packages for their cost , <> a month gets me <> <> down speed ( take into account distance from exchange ) , with <> limit then shaped best deal ive seen for my needs , plus , when you call tech support , you speak to a bloody aussie d i dont know about iinet personally but i usually hear internode and iinet recommended as the <> best options
2	does it really need to ? if the isps do this voluntarily , then no government approval is required
2	even in the metro areas i can either go with telstra cable , or i can have adsl1 i dont want the slower speeds from adsl1 , so telstra is my only alternative because telstra fantastically implemented loads of pair gain rim units in my area , which adsl2 does n't work on convincing them to lay copper is nigh on impossible edit or wireless , but that is too dodgy , so nah
6	even better , that " requirement to assist in upholding the law " could be anything website teaches you how to get out of traffic tickets in the au ? banninated file sharing ? delorted !
1	i give a big shit about that that massively undemocratic dick move ( more than the crap legislation the dick move was used to pass actually ) but i am at a loss for anything to do about it , aside from leave
4	great , i have n't been following it ) i just cant imagine any political party not supporting something to control the people
2	your missing the point , it will never get underway without the help of the opposition to pass it , and they have stated on several occassions they will vote it down
4	internode has been rated the best isp in australia for years now http www internode on net news <> <> <> php http bc whirlpool net au internode also have unmetered steam servers as well as lots of other unmetered content so you can download games and other stuff to your hearts content internode is also the only isp that has a free premium usenet service ( via astraweb ) for all of its customers
2	they 'll just block access to the sites that talk about their blocking of access then they 'll block access to their appeals process then they 'll continue in that vein ad nauseum
1	dammit , australia why do have to be so awesome in so many ways , and then ruin it with shit like this ?
5	this thing wont pass , there 's too much pressure on delivering the nbn within the <> billion dollar costing the technology that was put forward for this ' filtering ' is rubbish the initial report was bogus with skewed results there 's no way that this shit will pass though both houses of parliament
4	i 've been living abroad for <> years , but returning to aus soon what 's the best service for gaming and is n't subjected to this ridiculous filtering ? is iinet good for both criteria ? i want a really fast connection with a generous data allowance will be in inner city sydney
4	im with iinet wanna show your support for no net filter do n't buy your coms off telstra or optus )
4	once this shit gets underway , surely someone could write a ( distributed ? ) script to run in a non filtered country that queries random urls ( random letter , number , symbol combos which are syntax valid ) and compile a list of urls that do exist ( throw out the much larger list of urls that do n't exist ) send it to australia to have all of the valid url 's queried in a similar distributed fashion urls that work in neutral country and do n't work in aus are the blocked ones this would compile a nice list to follow " scope creep " just an idea whenever i hear about these filters i just wonder if it 's possible to compare sites i just want to expose the shifty business that governments get up to behind our backs
4	come on americans ! ! ! ! we have to take our country back from big bro wait
2	similiar thing coming into affect in nz soon , except it 's going to be much more worse for the account holder
5	as it stands the telco does not appear to have modified its end user agreement to include a section about filtering so not only are users not explicitly breaking the law by bypassing the filter ( what 's on the other end is a different issue entirely ) , but they 're not acting contrary to the conditions of their contracts so telstra ( and possibly optus ) are just inconveniencing us ? i think that it will go away soon , to be quite honest , but you 're unfortunately correct still , no harm ( very literally ) in firing up tor , jap , or any old vpn at this stage
6	true , but most of their profit in the retail market is coming from metro areas areas which have multiple alternatives what i'm curious to know is whether this filter applies only to customers of telstra optus retail , or whether the scope includes the telco 's wholeshale market as well
7	they take care of your health do n't they ? well then they are perfectly capable of taking care of your internet relax people , government loves you
1	it really should be filtering shit coming out of murdochland instead of the other way around
2	nothing wrong with having a filter , but is wrong that its secret and not subject to independent review
4	i think nz has gone about their implementation in a much better way from nz department of internal affairs ( http www dia govt nz diawebsite nsf wpg url services censorship compliance internet and website filter <> as the digital child exploitation filtering system <> ? opendocument )
7	thanks , australia , for reminding me that there are worse places i could live
4	our government is amazing
5	its likely that the mandatory filter is dead , but the government has succeeded in getting telstra and optus to do the work for them anyway this is similar to the filter that messed up wikipedia in the uk a few years back and afaik several other european countries ( i e finland ) have done so as well its unfortunate us australian 's seem to be the only ones generating sufficient outrage over it
6	are you really that interested in pedofilia ?
4	the truth is that using a disaster like the christchurch earthquake to pass this sort of unpopular legislation is downright despicable , but no one seems to give a shit
4	so is ours ! us
4	i 'd say that our high taxes makes us look rich
4	that ( http www youtube com watch ? v drmynrmwvvg & feature player embedded ) would be pretty awesome quackquackquackquackquack
2	the shutter noise on a digital camera is just one example of a sound entirely fabricated to make a modern gadget imitate older technology dammit , now i want a volume knob or mute button on my <>
2	jesus , what a fluff piece that was really , bbc guy , people do n't use floppies any more ? and it 's still used as an iconic image to signify saving ? you do n't say also , camera phones do n't have a real shutter o
2	why is it legal to do this , companies ripping people off seems to be accepted more often than not , making something that imitates quality should be looked down on
2	their line is " loud bikes save lives " but the sound emanates most loudly from behind the bike perhaps if they had a forward facing exhaust , preferably near the rider 's face , it would make everyone happy
4	agreed
2	of course , loud bikes only save lives if they have a macho bass rumble if bikes were required to play a pleasant glockenspiel tune like that of an ice cream truck we 'd find volume far less popular this is odd because the noises motorcyclists like are the very worst noises for knowing where an engine is deep bass is hard to localize , echoes strangely and is sufficiently disconcerting that car drivers sometimes panic , wondering which side a bike is coming up from you can make yourself believe almost anything , i suppose
4	i would say yes the ipod , especially the ipod touch , brought mobile media to the masses apps , podcasts , radiocasts , etc , grew in popularity due in part to the success of the ipod the app store generates lots of revenue for developers and itunes makes the distribution of music and video so much easier making musicians less dependent on record labels it 's been big apple may not have created technology , but they certainly have made it ubiquitous
2	you know why i ca n't take this article seriously ? it does n't contain the words " intellectual property " or " content " while the production of the device certainly creates a disproportionate number of overseas jobs the production of the content we put on it certainly creates jobs in the us
4	did n't read , but apply boomed big time afte the ipod , and they hire waayyy more people now than before the ipod
6	so " jobs " at apple store for idiots , who say " may i help you " are the jobs created by ipod ?
4	there are at least <> more us located apple jobs those people are now flying back and forth to sweatshops in china to make sure the rights parts can be made there so yes more jobs
2	the article is incomplete it talks about a content delivery system without talking about content
2	i have a couple musician friends that really would like to disagree with you they 've gotten their music out to the masses in a way that they could n't have before they 've sold thousands of their songs ( both combined ) and they 've made money they would not have made otherwise itunes , and digital distibution in general , is great for the industry you should probably learn the facts instead of going on an ' apple is evil ' tangent
4	anybody can put their music on itunes with a work around that requires an intermediary agent that 's not the same thing and fair enough , but when apple pushes the albums sold by the major labels with the big money which albums do you think people are going to buy ? indie bands never had trouble receiving equal shelf space in record stores , so this is a phenomenon mostly associated with digital distribution and the fact that the company controlling the means also controls what people are largely exposed to
4	sounds like a great way to earn a visit from the fbi
4	also , salvage <> ( http en wikipedia org wiki salvage <> ) )
4	everything google does is to get more ads in front of your eyes , so this comes as absolutely no surprise
1	they ran out of disk space sh t happens
2	private ! for profit if a bunch of people got together and pooled their resources to create a company that made a telescope and kept it up it would be the same as taxes going to nasa , except voluntary
2	lol its not a sunday afternoon project kind of deal , it costs huge amounts to launch something of the required scale and technicality into space , then to maintain it , dissect the information , and map the information and organize the information and all this , people would do for free ? lol seriously and there is a difference between " no profit " and " little profit " yes private companies exists with little profit that do good work , but there is n't a private company out there that does something that would be their primary function and require all their manpower for absolutely no profit
7	a great deal of the work on the project is done by a private company ball aerospace my roommate works on the jwst at ball , though , and i have a lot of admiration for their engineering
6	but the president controls the dialogue isnt that what the dems say ? yup
2	launching and operating a space telescope is probably expensive as fucking hell there 's no way in fuck a bunch of donations and volunteers would keep it running
5	too bad it was n't named the ronald reagan telescope infinite funding
6	ca n't they set up a private donation fund or something ? surely there are enough people in the world who care about science and astronomy that we could make this happen ourselves
6	how many people bitching about cuts on nasa actually man up and donate to private space programmes ? https www xprize org donate
1	another thing obama is going to kill ? when will he be satisfied ?
3	everyone should probably contact their representative to voice their support for nasa telescope i fear that our government does n't realize what gutting nasa will do to science technology interest in america for years to come
6	from the article the cost of the observatory has soared from an initial estimate of <> <> ( <> ) to more than <> <> ( <> ) as a result , budgets for other astronomical research projects have been slashed , leading the journal nature to describe the james webb as " the telescope that ate astronomy " how do you know that those other astronomical projects that have been shoved aside for jwst were n't scientifically more worthy ? that kind of thing has certainly happened before a good example is gp b , which nasa 's planners ranked last on the list of missions they were doing , but its backers got congress to force nasa to prioritize it over the missions nasa thought were much better science wise
5	i have n't read a single statement from obama on this the republican majority house wrote the proposition , which has n't been accepted by the senate yet
6	i recognise it , but where is that quote from ?
2	no profit edit many small wealth individuals would support the gain of knowledge about our universe even some private companies would donate , ( if they could write it off as charity ) but no one singular corp will send a telescope to space because there just is no profit in it simple as that
1	private means non public public means government nonprofits are private companies but they do not seek to turn a profit ( but they do still require money and pay people large sums if needed )
1	fire up the party van , bob
4	i wish people could try to read sites like this more objectively and critically i fully support net neutrality and <> privacy and anonymity , but stooping to lying and manipulation of the facts is only going to hurt the cause if your side lack credibility , it makes it that much more difficult to make your point
2	and thus stoop to the level of every propaganda machine , ever i'm not going to debate the morality or utility of your stance i just wish there was a better way to get people to realize that perhaps they should become educated about some of this shit
4	i completely agree with anything and everything , everywhere
6	walking around naked is a lot more fun ?
4	we are using tor to bypass the government censorship in iran happy now ?
6	i wonder if this approach is beginning in canada , due to the recent prime time tv commercial spots talking about stopping child pornography hmmm
1	where the hell are the pubescent corporation 's picture of getting it violated by society ? because i definitely want those pictures
6	my lady gaga mp3 's are like naked children ? i'm confused by the ridiculousness of the assertion
2	to some , every photo of a child ever taken , is child pornography
2	who does n't ?
1	awful defensive when we mention those are n't you ? got something to hide there mister child pornographer dude ?
2	first they came for the perverts
2	say we need to crackdown on " cp file sharing " sue kids for downloading justin beiber more hypocritical bullshit from ip whores
5	try googling for the swedish word for child pornography um , no
2	well , that was extremely well thought out in my opinion , intellectual property is a completely broken system it worked before we had systems that could copy and distribute data in microseconds , when we had to physically press vinyl records , produce film rolls , and use printing presses to distribute books the digital world of the last thirty years has put an end to this line of thinking , and our laws simply do n't work with it that is entirely true
8	you have a weak password
4	that site i have never swung so violently and repetitively between raging and laughing
2	i hate that site , not because it is bad but because it makes me hate people so much it hurts me every time i look at it
2	send it to the onion
8	the two people that watch msnbc are going to be so mad at you now
2	the full argument was linked to ( http mogis verein de eu en ) but the tl dr version is that blocking child pornography does n't make it go away , it just hides it , and that " crimes should be punished and not hidden " by blocking child pornography instead of removing it , you 're ignoring the problem , not addressing it
3	i guess it 's kind of like , if the drug war ended , police budgets and the prison population would fall drastically the biggest enemy is gone and thus , there 's no point in spending all that money if there were effective ways to deal with cp on the internet and catch the predators that post it and prey on children , the argument follows that the copyright lobby loses their best excuse for so many restrictive laws or at least , that 's what i felt they were trying to get at could be wrong
8	what is kinda nuts is the juvenilization of our children is a pretty modern phenomena not long ago they were expected to get married in their teens , fight wars , go to work , the whole nine yards as life got easier and we started to live a lot longer , we started to treat our children as more and more immature it isnt that our children changed , or evolved they arent becoming more immature , we simply treat them that way not that i think we should start letting our kids have porn , but people need to remember our kids arent stupid , they just act that way , and they really arent as young as we treat them , we just have that luxury due to technology
2	" copyright industry " arg ! i hate that phrase copyright is not an industry there are industries that use copyrights , but it 's not an industry unto itself and the lawyers and corporations like righthaven are trying to turn the legal system into an industry this is the kind of shit you get when you let corporations buy politicians and write the laws
5	is so sad to think that with the phrase " child pornography is great " , johan schl ter is just exploiting in a different way abused children worldwide this should be consider a crime as well
4	that 's a nice sentiment , but i do n't think copyright law will be a big campaign issue anytime soon in the us at least , the vast majority of people react the same way the politicians do they do n't understand file sharing so they do n't have an opinion on that , but it becomes associated with child pornography and suddenly it 's this terrible internet black market that needs to be shut down i'm not saying that people should n't become active about this issue though quite the contrary i think waiting around for the next election is n't going to do shit write to politicians now , call in to radio shows , explain the issue to your conservative family members the best thing that we can do is strive to inform the public as to why these laws are so bad so that at some point in the future our collective voice is big enough to be heard
5	sadly until the economy is fixed and we 're no longer engaged in significant wars , this issue will never be a significant issue in re election campaigns you should still apply pressure by writing your congress critter regularly about this issue ( your do that do n't you ? ) , but you should have a realistic view on the threat of if being a factor in a re election your congress critter does
8	okay , fine mistercow to restate the public will not be " starved of culture " by enforcing copyright laws , therfore this cannot be " censorship " happy ? or even more sad now ?
8	oh no trust me i'm doing what i can , but that does n't mean i'm particularly worried i 've petitioned everyone i can about it demandprogress org sends me email updates about it from time to time and every petition they 've asked me to sign , i 've signed i 've sent emails to my congressmen i 've posted about it on my facebook wall multiple times asking for my friends to do the same i'm not sitting around and hoping that nothing happens of it i'm just saying that if somehow it does make it through into law , if the supreme court does what they were created to do , they will strike it down without thinking twice
2	juvenilization they are juveniles i think the term you want is " infantilization "
4	absolutely !
4	apparently , we are n't the only dumb ones
6	wut ?
4	the man was johan schl ter , head of the danish anti piracy group denmark was the first country to censor allofmp3 com , the ( fully legal ) russian music store , and is now censoring the pirate bay off the internet in sweden , the copyright industry lobbyist per str mb ck has publicly admitted it being one of his best arguments
7	on the contrary , i find her to be a very talented artist , and you may too if you could get over her outlandish styles and behavior however , i do n't know whether you have any sort of musical background or understanding of the subject , and do n't care to speculate
2	man , i really hate all those supid people
5	unfortunately , until the public takes a stand and politicians ' re elections are put at stake , the copyright industry is going to get whatever they want
1	child pornography can be printed on paper lets block all access to paper , that should stop it
2	and an avenue in which it ca n't be tracked , does n't need to be stored on the host computer , and ca n't be taken down without taking down the network
3	and as with everything , be it terrorism , or drug dealing ( situation in mexico for example ) , the normal everyday people are the ones that pay the price while the people perpetrating the crimes just find other ways to do commit them
3	no no exploiting children for pleasure is wrong exploiting them for capital gain is honorable
6	what should be considered a crime ?
2	however , unlike fox , we do not have direct trusted lines into supid people 's brains
2	but politicians don t understand that file sharing is bad , and this is a problem for us but politicians don t care that file sharing is bad for us , and this is a problem for us ftfh ( im ) ) btw , what he actually wanted to say is but politicians want a lot of lobby money to " decide " that file sharing is bad it 's cheaper to play the child porn card
8	i hope these people die in a fire seriously
4	i laugh myself to sleep every night with the absurdity that is america
1	" all this in defense of their lucrative monopoly that starves the public of culture " fucking hell , that is such bullshit it 's not my place to explain all of copyright to you , but i wish someone would in short censorship is not the idea that you will be forced to pay or borrow something instead of downloading it to keep for an infinite amount of time may the gods help us , this is not censorship !
4	i2p works fairly well , i guess
1	damn those freedom hating hackers and their child pornography why is n't someone doing something about this ?
8	so you 're not going to worry till it 's too late
7	right i'm sure thomas will recuse himself this time for whatever bribes he took from the lobbyists
2	so what you 're saying is its just as bad as before the world has always been shit
4	yes and a very frustrating one although the guy with the upvotes has the better definition of industry
3	think of the children !
4	your comment is hilarious d
6	i do n't know why you 're being downvoted , you 're completely right while i do support their cause , their " reporting " is utter trash
4	fapping in a house with plexiglass walls ? challenge accepted
4	great article
2	the world is slowly becoming a shit hole only those with money born with money can enjoy life while others are subjected to various " laws " its going back to the earlier days when the rich british royals sat on their ass while everyone worked under them
4	i'm not particularly worried about this if protect ip somehow is passed , the supreme court will smite it down so fast the riaa will shit themselves
2	stupid sensationalist title taken out of context
6	yes , in reference to the censorship of websites devoted to file sharing prosecuting copyright infringement is not censorship but shutting down or blocking sites that tell you how to infringe copyright is censorship you still have n't explained why you included a quote which is irrelevant to your comment
6	manifesto of the communist party ?
2	except not really the point of the copyright is to give distributors who invest in producing content ( extremely expensive ) the ability to have a monopoly on its production , which is super cheap the digital world has n't changed this at all , in fact its made the up front investment in producing a work an even bigger portion of the total cost of production movies and games simply would not be viable to produce without copyright , at least in the private sector the argument also seems to be built on the idea that the prices of content used to be proportional to the cost of distributing it which has never been true , at least in the past couple hundred years if it was , artists would not be paid
2	yes , the author explained this in his article i still feel that his wording and implication was intentional , which is all i was saying
1	clearly they both downvoted the comment !
8	you should n't tempt them
5	sadly , no amount of attacking the carrier is ever going to tackle the creation of the stuff
5	we should all have to live in plexiglas cubes with no furniture sadly , i see that as a growing possibility for the future
5	however , unlike msnbc , we do not have direct trusted lines into stupid people 's brains ftfy
2	because we do n't want to be as stupid as they are , and that we respect the people we are addressing we do n't want to use the same tactics because we do not think that the general population is stupid , as they happen to assume
2	this headline is an outrageous case of syllogistical perversion , all written media uses headlines , ergo all written journalism falls into a permanent accidental fallacy
4	i'm going to have to agree with you on this one while i can get behind the statement that the lobby is only bringing up cp to further heir own agenda , and would n't think twice about it otherwise , i'm having a hard time extending that logic to " they 're actively trying to hide crimes against children " ( not to say the lobby 's argument is n't bs , because it totally is )
4	why do we not use their tactics ? lets cherry pick that quote " child pornography is great " , johan schl ter anti piracy lobbier
5	i hear the copyright lobby raped and killed a girl in <>
8	exploiting in a different way abused children worldwide when someone uses , as mean to reach is goals , other people distress
6	i doubt it the storage and transmission method is n't built for speed , so even if everyone in the world was connected to it via fat pipes , it would be sluggish most of the time afaik it 's still the go to protocol for things you ca n't or should n't find anywhere else recently i 've been thinking about replacements not for cp specifically , but to generally further the cause of a censorship resistant internet the current frontrunner is a <> clone where attachments turn into torrents and every page includes " torrentclient js , " but that still leaves a lot of users with a lot of other users ' ip addresses and some presumably traceable initial seeding behavior
1	shut up they do not need more ideas
3	interesting looks like the people in singapore just have to worry about anything they download ( in their country it is against the law to chew gum , or to forget to flush the toilet ( http en wikipedia org wiki law of singapore ) )
4	this depends entirely on your opinion of intellectual property and freedom of information should you believe people can own an idea or the media that they create , you would be inclined to agree that it is not censorship but enforcement of property rights in my opinion , intellectual property is a completely broken system it worked before we had systems that could copy and distribute data in microseconds , when we had to physically press vinyl records , produce film rolls , and use printing presses to distribute books the digital world of the last thirty years has put an end to this line of thinking , and our laws simply do n't work with it the prices of content used to be proportional to the cost of distributing it it now is so cheap to distribute a song or an hd movie that prices have been inflated proportional to the costs of manufacturing that media no , piracy is not a pricing problem , the pricing problem is a symptom of a much larger issue technology far outpaces the efforts of legislation to enforce intellectual property as information becomes easier to publish and obtain , many forms of publishing will rise that enhance the plausible deniability of participants eventually , at some abstract level , it is impossible to distinguish " intellectual property " from speech it becomes raw information that cannot be filtered or censored this is not a pipe dream , this is the reality of the technologies that we have seen developed in the last decade this is hard for people to grasp , let alone politicians a majority of the industrialized world 's global economy has some ( in ) direct dependence on intellectual property ( mostly on patents ) , and in a world where even a slight amount of piracy is tolerable you must prepare for all piracy to be tolerable any idea why software patents have caused such a stir , while other types of patents have n't been met with as much criticism ? not only does software have a deep connection with natural laws and mathematic principles ( for example , programming patterns or virtual machine optimizations ) , but holding a monopoly over an idea that can be distributed and recreated with little effort and resources is absurd this is the basis by which intellectual property of all forms ( including copyright ) have been abused and are only counter productive to society at this point the world is changing drastically , and the perception of blocking copyright infringing content can amount to censorship it is the artificial introduction of scarcity , and it no longer serves the purpose of incentivizing innovation people now have a natural incentive to produce content , and content is extremely easy and cheap to produce these days anyway
2	what does your post have to do with your quote ? one refers to " a monopoly that starves the public of culture " , the other to censorship
2	that is such a fucking bullshit argument their using from the same logic since i can download cp through a regular stream downloading should be illegal also since i could take a cp picture through my phone and message it that means cellphones should be illegal fuck this noise
4	i remember this woooow
1	holy shit ! i 'd forgotten all about that game and apparently it will run on ubuntu under wine too ( playing it now ) thanx for the memories )
7	i forgot all about this game i used to play it all the time ! thanks man !
4	hover playthrough & explanation video ( http www youtube com watch ? v snwn2tnqllg ) oh the nostalgia !
8	i'm just as bad at this game today as i was then
2	who gives a shit
2	you 're assuming normal people will organize their friends in the circles to begin with if not , it 's just facebook with more nerd fanboys
6	and the electric water gas utilities , roads , streaming media services , phones , almost all webhosting providers , email services , hospitals , fire police departments , game services ( steam ) , etc basically no service is designed to handle all customers potential users all the time when starting a new service you have to make an educated guess on growth used patterns based on whatever evidence you have there are mistakes very frequently ever experienced a brownout or ' all lines busy network overloaded ' message on your phone ?
2	it 's true i gave them my email once while i was at work when i got home my house had burned to the ground
2	he rapes your churches and burns your women
8	they totally knew what to expect why would you set your daily invite limit astronomically higher than then your server abilities ? if that 's the case it 's still a fail
2	it 's quite simple and yes , people will organize because they do n't want family , friends and business all intermingling it 's pretty smart i think facebook is fucked
4	a circles clone on facebook would n't work most people have already built large friends list on there , and organizing them now ( especially since some people do n't even know ask their facebook friends ) would be a daunting task since google starts fresh , the task is less daunting and to be perfectly honest , i'm liking how it is effectively cleaning out my messy friends list without the awkwardness of removing the people i do n't care for so it really is solving two problems
6	good idea ! as a google apps user , i 've got an extra <> of gmail space that i 'd be happy to donate if they will let google apps users into google ( http www google com support forum p google apps thread ? tid <> & hl en ) ( grumble )
2	yeah , annoying your current users by spamming them with notifications is a great publicity stunt
8	no you would n't be saying that if you saw what their system did as a result it pretty much freaked out in a small but very visible way this was just poor growth planning
2	so what you 're saying is that they fucked up i agree
8	i remember this same argument being used to say why google would never outdo yahoo
7	thank you maybe i should have phrased it better basically what i was saying is this is a marketing ploy the way beta invites work is they only release as many invites per day as their servers can handle otherwise they will of course crash all i tried to say is that since you can see server overload coming from a mile away the only two options are a ) someone royally fucked up b ) this is just a marketing ploy
6	so you did n't realize it was sarcasm humour ? )
2	i'm saying it might just have been your everyday glitch , but they chose to hype it in their " apology " by sensationalizing " google is so popular we ran out of server space ! ! we never expected so many people to approve of our amazing product so soon ! ! it 's better than facebook ever was ! ! " etc ( also i did n't actually see any real evidence that this affected more than a handful of users for around an hour , if it happened at all ) i'm not saying it 's a bad tactic , nor do i have any additional support for what i think it was
2	google running out of disk space thats a first
1	they should have known their disks were getting full before they filled up if they did n't someone seriously fucked up their job
4	haha wow mr lets cloud everything runs of of disk space
1	everyone is sucking google 's dick in the comments
2	i blame felicia
1	sucking so hard in reality if their servers " run out of disk space " that implys terrible server management and scaling but even so , it 's obviously just a marketing ploy there was a set number of invites to be released daily so how again could they be shocked by this ?
2	do n't ! it 's a trap !
1	no , i do n't get it , google better go and create a damn datacenter right fucking now ! i want in (
4	growing faster a bunch of fanboys have started using it but will get tired of it after a month just like wave any feature that google has , facebook will copy after a few months you do n't think that facebook will make its " lists " feature more like " circles " now ?
6	why would you set your daily invite limit astronomically higher than then your server abilities ? the same reason universities accept many , many more students than actually end up in their freshman class the same reason airlines overbook flights and it rarely causes a problem the same reason isps can provide cable internet by overselling capacity you seem to not understand how the world around you works edit do you think reddit could handle all of its users signing on and posting a new thread , all at the same time ?
6	i kind of wonder about that too , disks do n't just go from zero to full in an instant surely it would have been seen coming from a mile away maybe they just were n't monitoring it closely because they underestimated the popularity of google ?
2	what is this sentence trying to say ? i'm so confused
4	it 's saying " haha , wow ! 'mr lets cloud everything ' is running out of disk space "
4	i think you 're confusing publicity with pr life gives you lemons , you tell everyone why lemons are awesome and not terribly sour
1	its a beta version of free software that has just been released for testing with an enormous increase of users over the last few weeks , and its an issue that was caught and promptly fixed , what the fuck do you expect ?
6	monitoring data is what google does i would seriously doubt that theory
4	it seems legit to me the entire reason for having limited invites is discover bugs and mistakes like this without destroying your public perception people seem to think that it is because they are trying to build hype , but i'm pretty sure they are losing way more by letting facebook launch features publicly before them , plus losing a ton of hype interest that came with the news stories when it was first launched edit to be clear , i'm claiming they are trying to turn a negative story positive by saying 'we underestimated how many people would be on google ' , when in reality they knew exactly how many people were on it and made a mistake with how they set up their disk space it seems far more likely than that they purposefully made their service degrade to try to get pr which is what it looks like you are claiming
4	ditto here as well
2	yes , things that are bad lines in front of clubs making them appear popular , sold out games making people want in more and google
8	n , s dakota , forever alone
1	patented by edison does n't mean created by edison and fuck you for bringing up that man 's name in the same sentence as nikola tesla on his birthday
6	indeed it would be more interesting to include the names of the actual inventors he stole the ideas from
4	yeah the guy was a marketing genius , he 's responsible for the whole <> century tesla may have been the better inventor but for better or worse edison had a far bigger impact on society
6	i could n't think of a better way to get reddit 's panties in a bunch it 's only <> <> and i'm already sick of all the " in honor of tesla 's birthday here 's a picture of my cat dangling from a wire ' posts
6	are you with the mit news office ? if not , you 're not to read the article
6	this is cool and all , but it 's just a digital pinhole camera ( http en wikipedia org wiki pinhole camera ) they did n't really " invent " anything
8	looks simply to be that people begin reading paragraphs and move on to the next paragraph if it is not engaging enough their second screenshot is stupid because it has an image inset in the gap
8	i'm pretty sure this is culturally dependent if your sentence structure reads left to right , top to bottom someone scanning the article this make sense for now if you took japanese or chinese , i 'd imagine it 's an inverted and rotated f
6	i would n't be surprised if it is the same for virtually all texts
4	exactly
2	i saw the op 's article in my rss feed earlier today it is an article linking to a post that is five years old and reporting it like it 's new info facepalm
5	this is iconic the end of an era i'm quite sad right now (
2	does anyone else find this ridiculous ? our government seems determined to punish one of our few companies that actually innovate and produce value , while bailing out incompetent corrupt banks that nearly took down the entire economy and whose greed remains unchecked by regulations
6	why was he hesitant to answer the question
6	full featured malware ?
8	losing customers hurts if your goal is to make money
6	i'm curious , how is it moot ? if you ca n't have internet service after the third strike , you lose business with the company it does n't matter if you have alternatives in your area or not you lose business with a customer , you lose money as an isp am i wrong ?
2	but , it only drives on approved iroads
8	round trips in taxis are significantly more expensive than driving yourself in addition , if you end up drinking without planning it ahead of time , that still leaves you in the situation of having to retrieve your car somehow the next day taxi 's work , but they are n't ideal a car that can drive itself is
4	we are already quite sure , statistically , that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents citation please no realistic real world experiments have been done on which to base such an assertion , afaik , and that includes google 's tests
2	i do n't know why you are being down voted for asking for proof
2	since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors , you 're telling me you have n't noticed that brown cloud over your city ? i hate to break it to you , but that exhaust sticks around the cloud accumulates and accumulates , that 's why some days have smog warnings , and after a good storm smog levels stay low for a bit while it builds back up the national cancer institute says there are about <> , <> cancer deaths a year from second hand smoke http www cancer gov cancertopics factsheet tobacco ets q4 this study from the european respiratory journal says air pollution is responsible for <> of all deaths in the us http www medscape com viewarticle <> <> is debatable , but look at other studies and nobody comes anywhere near as low as <> , <> look at the studies linked on wikipedia http en wikipedia org wiki air pollution health effects <> , <> nationally says one , <> in just la says another in many areas , air pollution kills more than car accidents do now i realize the exposure rates are different for both but they 're not nearly different enough to explain the number of deaths the fact is , short term exposure to second hand smoke does n't increase your cancer risk by any notable amount you really need to live with a smoker , or work where smoking is allowed to be affected , and even then the increased risk is miniscule ( i e that scary <> increase in risk is like going from <> chance , to <> ) the same is true of smog , but we ca n't really limit our exposure to that without moving to the country , so while the smog is n't as thick as the air in bars used to be , the cumulative effect is worse because it 's all the time
8	you are fucking delusional , sorry you do n't want progress because you are a paranoid lunatic the solution is as simple as having both alternatives to some , manual cars will be better , to others , self driven cars are incredibly convenient but you had to go all the way to " fuck you for not liking what i like "
1	the overwhelming majority of cars on the road today are not receiving proper scheduled maintenance ask some of your co workers the last time they check their tire pressure , changed the radiator fluid , replaced the windshield wipers , if their " check engine " light is one how many of them have delayed a big repair ( because of money ) ? now imagine a self driving car that is dependent on good readings from lasers and radar a bad reading could cause it to drive right off of the road talk to some of the developers of these systems and they 'll tell you that it does happen proper maintenance on the variety of sensors will be critical for many sensors , it can be very hard to ( for the machine ) detect when it 's bad or giving false readings
4	yes i have , it will need to be made law , strict fines for not replacing damaged parts
4	since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors nowadays , so is the vast majority of smoking
2	driverless vehicles not yet safer than human drivers they wo n't be on the roads until they are
3	will smith proved that one can drive an automatic car manually and fight off a hundred robots i dont think anyone will mind if you drive your automatic car manually on the weekends just watch out for the robots
6	just look at how long it is taking people to trust " drive by wire " in their cars robots are a bit further out , i think but just make it available to me , and i wo n't complain
6	just a thought that popped into my human brain at what point to we draw the line into letting computers robots ai control aspects of our lives ? sure ai cars can save lives , so a future society makes it illegal for humans to drive but ai could also save lives by regulating the types of food we eat , the activities we perform , sports , hobbies , etc kind of the idea of the machines saving us from ourselves the ultimate mom just sayin '
3	god by jupiter 's cock , i hope so , as currently i do n't drive
4	just in time for flying cars , right ? what an unrealistically optimistic prediction it 's not uncommon to see cars on the road from the <> 's in <> , <> years later seeing a driverless car in <> <> years will be like seeing a ferrari on the road today a rare but not totally unsurprising experience
4	this is a solution looking for a problem zero traffic deaths is a great sounding goal but not really important to the vast majority of people the media makes it seem like the end of the world when a baby is killed in a car accident to the parents and families it 's huge deal but to the rest of planet it is a much smaller deal however if google really wants to reduce traffic deaths then they should work on telecommuting it 's cheaper , saves lives , and reduces demand for cars
4	robots are better than you ( http www rocketx id au wp content uploads <> <> aperture my new boss is a robot jpg )
2	wtf i did n't ask whether robotic vehicles will only be on public roads when they 're safer than manned vehicles i asked how the op is " sure that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents " given that robotic vehicles are n't allowed on public roads , your argument is beside the point , and my request for a citation stands
3	from what i remember hearing , the cars are actually thought to drive so there is no direct programming done by the developers if the cars learn from their drivers , then ultimately any kind of response that may be needed while driving will be learned by each car and shared with the entire network http www businessinsider com google driverless cars nevada <> <>
3	no citation is needed that 's not how science works i'm not entrusting my life to such a complicated machine , based on the idea that some guy on the internet thinks it 's safe i know how poorly software gets tested and you are severely underestimating the complexity and failure cases for an ai system
2	imo , <> <> years in the future is a little too optimistic i think that what andreessen means is that the technology will be present and affordable in <> <> years , which i agree with but that does n't mean it will sell like wildfire never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility
4	dream on they have had airplanes that can land automatically for decades yet , humans still do the job go figure
1	i hope not i like driving i do n't want to live in a world where my stupid robot car takes me everywhere
6	no i'm not , i see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy this could be said about almost anything we use today even some public transportation means are being tracked all the time what about cellphones ? or hell , gps devices that aid pilots , drivers and pedestrians ?
4	there is nothing immoral about smoking cigarettes around other people those other people are free to leave , just as i'm free to smoke my cigarette this political correctness crap has changed this country <> years ago , you could smoke right at your desk at work and nobody would say a word about it
3	in this case , if anything goes wrong , the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck that 's assuming the car knows that something went wrong a bad sensor can feed it false data ( which happens very frequently in modern cars ) a machine operating on incorrect data can be very unpredictable
4	yeah , that is bullshit , but there will be certain situations where i will want , or even need to take over
5	yes , but the fastest option of all for me would be to have everyone else do that , then drive myself and either join them or speed past them when the opportunity allows the sad truth is that that is what everyone will choose , its game theory or whatever you call it the best choice for the individua will be different to the best choice for everyone as a whole
6	seriously or just sleep on long drives i'm so ready for this
3	bugs are a valid concern , but also a concern is that the software simply cannot , in the foreseeable future , be sophisticated enough to handle the many different conditions drivers encounter on the road the tests google have already undertaken do not inspire confidence in real world conditions if you look into the details
1	not all software development is treated equally as a software developer , i would hope you would take the time to further research and understand the process such a vehicle would take to become consumer grade and better educate the people around you rather than helping spread the fear you 're the kind of expert they get on the news shows to tell us how we 're all going to die do n't be that person further more , a malfunctioning car would become a huge problem , all parties involved will be in serious trouble and the problem would resolve with beneficially advancements for everyone a drunk driver is the only person at fault , it 's just another drunk driver , nothing ever gets better except more and more government ads
1	as opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital ? are you so stupid to think that your life is on a daily basis put in the hands of code written by someone , whether it controls the city traffic lights , or a nuclear power plant and what the hell is an indianese ?
8	and people like smoking cigarettes doing something in a way that will statistically kill more people just because it 's fun is clearly immoral ( given a sufficient different in the casualty rate )
6	what if i like driving and smoking ?
4	it would have solved the problem , if we started down that road <> years ago unfortunately with the current highway system and cities designed around automobiles there is a much greater incentive to increase efficiency and safety of automobiles automating the cars will help accomplish both goals i'm sure you will still be able to drive legally out in the country
3	the car you 're driving is much more likely to give someone cancer than my second hand smoke is
1	yeah , then again , how many people get killed because of shitty driving vs second hand smoke ( serious question ) i for one , would love self driven vehicles , so fuck you for wanting to stop progress just because you like driving
8	i always say driving is way too much responsibility for people to be taking on themselves i give you exhibit a http en wikipedia org wiki list of motor vehicle deaths in u s by year pretty much <> , <> people a year being slayed by cars
6	this makes me think could you still get arrested if the car is driving itself and you are drunk ? what if you sat in the backseat ?
3	people are also shit at maintaining their cars a poorly maintained self driving car scares the crap out of me
8	lucky you , the majority of the planet 's population is n't so lucky
6	a tiny fraction of a percent of people will a lot of money use a roomba and you think that confirms that we eliminated human cleaning duties ?
1	firstly , stop fucking posting that link it 's a fallacy , specifically appeal to worse problems secondly , no nothing to do with this
3	regarding your answer to <> have you seen how poor people are at maintaining their cars ?
1	if a roomba ca n't get my floor competly vacumed if ileave a few socks o nthe floor , then how can a car guarentee to get me between a b in the outside world with nature and shit
2	ca n't tell if trolling or has legitimate mental problems
1	get off your high horse roads are expensive to build and maintain , and the public should n't have to subsidize your entertainment , especially when it entails substantial risk to others when computer drivers surpass human drivers , manual vehicles should be banned , or at least relegated to private roads
2	complaining about " hivemind " and downvotes thats a downvote
6	its cool enough people got the message , and dug me out of the negative pit now the comment is visible to those wishing to participate in the same quality discussion that once made reddit great
4	which is exactly why i love my state 's love for toll roads for future road projects socialized roads are shitty lowest bidder operations when they are n't contracted out to politician 's cronies i cant wait for a snow crash situation where we have competing companies building roadways until then there is always private race tracks and other autonomous paved surfaces to exercise the only thing that keeps me around chasing the edge that said , my concern is also compounded because my job as a private courier requires i drive as fast as the situation allows computerized control eliminates any advantage i have over competing drivers and relegates me to however slow some man behind a desk thinks i should drive though i suspect it will quickly be possible to reverse engineer the controls to push the " set speed " or what have you to a higher limit with grey market modifications
4	people 's cars break down all the time they still depend on them and use them every day they just get used to things breaking down in this case , if anything goes wrong , the car can park at the side of the road and call a tow truck but yes , the first few generations of the technology would need a manual override , but i 'd see that generations of kids that grow up with them would just accept driverless cars without a second thought
3	and this is why the cars wo n't be adopted quickly not because you 're right , you 're not , but because people will agree with you regardless reduce the number of traffic fatalities from <> a year to <> and people will still freak out because it 's a machine causing the fatalities now ridiculous , but that 's how humans think
1	i like driving , so fuck you google guy for equating that with giving people cancer a well connected rail network matched with efficient public transit would solve the problem much more to my liking than simply replacing cars with driverless cars
2	computers are notoriously bad at " thinking " problems while a human can instantly recognize objects , threats , and make decisions , computers can not computers ca n't make decisions at all , but can only follow logic written by a human on how to recognize and handle different types of situations there are tons of issues with this that as of yet , have not been addressed <> automated cars are designed to take you to a destination , but that is n't always what i want to do sometimes i might want to go for a drive while that may not make sense with an automated car , say your on vacation , and want to cruise around doing sightseeing and stop when you see something interesting how would an automated car do this ? sometimes i need to haul stuff with a truck , which means i need it parked at a specific place , in a specific direction to load and unload stuff programming a navigation system to do that would be completely impractical sometimes i want to stop somewhere , or drive less than a mile programming the navigation system to do that would take much longer than doing it myself <> gps navigation is still bad it usually gets the destination wrong by a couple hundred feet to over a mile i do n't want to walk a mile , unless that 's what i intend to do ( my parents house on gps is wrong by over a mile so do n't try to tell me i'm wrong ) <> complexity and bugs there 's a reason why we do n't already have autonomous cars ai systems are complicated and buggy , and a real world self driving car system has many layers , and many opportunities for failure <> cameras and lidar must have clean sensors to work what happens when it gets splashed with mud ? <> failures engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car , including flat tires , broken axles , transmission issues ( mine ca n't ) , or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt ( mine ca n't ) in addition , they ca n't determine the scope of the issue , and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately google does n't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests wait until the car is <> years old and see how well all of this works i 'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure yet i 've survived partial and complete brake failure <> times i'm being super critical of this technology because we need to be i'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it 's an option and not a requirement
4	yes , it works fine but there was still a pilot in the seat two of them , i 'll bet
1	how about fuck you for pushing your morals and interests on me for the sake of " progress " you can have your self driving car and i can have my manual car i will laugh when people can just flick a switch to turn off your car and track every mile you drive have fun with progress
4	that 's an interesting assertion can you point me to some studies regarding the two ? as i understand it , the primary issue of second hand smoke and cancer is one of proximity and confined space , ie smoking in the same room as someone since the vast majority of driving is done outdoors , i would be quite curious to see a comparison study aside from that , i'm not championing the internal combustion engine as a propulsion device , merely the ability to drive my own vehicle
6	i 'll wait for the ios app
3	a poorly maintained car being driven by someone not good at maintaining it does n't make me feel any better , honestly
6	i cant wait ! im takeing drivers ed i fucking fail at driveing so bad but shit i need to learn !
6	i guess that depends on your definition of moral i personally welcome a little risky fun like jumping out of an airplane , or smoking a cigar , or riding a motorcycle i do n't think less of humanity for letting me risk my life like this
6	google have the power to ban you from driving ?
1	" ten to <> " anyone else bothered by this shitty editing ? it 's either <> to <> or ten to twenty
3	i imagine such cars would be set to be totally law abiding and fuel efficient in their driving style that would make them considerably slower and frustrating so they wont catch on since its both more fun and faster to drive oneself and to speed and over take as one deems appropriate ( to be clear , i very rarely speed and i am a conservative driver but i understand why others are different )
1	fuck these dirty liberals i will continue to drive my polluting , fast , loud , manual sports car while smoking my cigarettes and flicking the butts at the people who complain about it this is america , where we believe in crazy shit like " liberty " and " freedom " fuck 'em downvote all you want the more you do , the more wrong you are
4	it will be a cold day in hell when i let go of the ability to mash the throttle , of any vehicle , to the floor for those who do n't understand the thrill of the edge , feel free to sign away even more personal responsibility to the machines i 'd love to see the government try to ban manual vehicles within my lifetime edit as per usual , non hivemind opinions are relegated to downvote hell read some reddiquette and tell me if the opinions of someone whose profession it is to drive fast contributes to the discussion or not
4	i welcome this in the urban areas , it 'd cut down on traffic and most people are shit drivers if you think about it it 's insane to put someone behind a multi ton hunk of metal barreling down the road at over <> mph and not expect massive casualties it 's a goddamn killing machine ! most people just are n't responsible enough and it 's amazing we do n't have more casualties that said , i live in butt fuck nowhere up in the mountains , and there 's no fucking way in the middle of winter with a couple feet of snow on the ground that a car will be able to drive in hazardous road conditions like i can with my years of experience self driving cars will be great for general commuting in the city , but there will always be a place for the skill of a human being what i worry about , is that without the practice that comes with driving regularly , we will become less skilled at manual operation , resulting in more accidents when the car is n't running on auto pilot
3	so just like how autopilot saves lives ? bullshit it will always be the drivers fault no matter how many computer systems are making up for their lack of skill i really dont see self driving cars going well in the country with varying road types , conditions and hazards
1	bullshit have they ever watched any movies ? we 're always entirely optimistic about what the near future will be like <> , blade runner etc we need to look much further away maybe <> years
2	the difference between me and a machine , is that it will eventually break when we have these cars , please allow me the option to take over
6	it 's definitely doable especially in cities that have well maintained roads another big challenge will be overcoming pranksters with cans of yellow and white spray paint
4	same here , sadly i'm not at the age where i can have my license ( i 've had a learners permit for months though , damn new york laws ) from what i 've experienced , i love it and look forward to it and i really dont want google taking my option and preference away
3	i actually was on a flight once when we had to land in really bad weather strong rain and side wind the pilot warned passengers that we 're landing using automatic system it was the softest landing i 've ever experienced
3	the trouble is some robotic solutions need <> robotic driving to make it safe , eg to avoid unplanned lane changes o nthe highway , or allow lightless intersections where cars miss each other by inches
3	failures engine computers are not able to recognize the vast majority of things that can go wrong in a car , including flat tires , broken axles , transmission issues ( mine ca n't ) , or even a serious engine issue like a broken timing belt ( mine ca n't ) in addition , they ca n't determine the scope of the issue , and determine whether to keep trying to get to the destination or pull over immediately google does n't have problems because they use new cars for all of their tests wait until the car is <> years old and see how well all of this works i 'd love to see how well an autonomous car handles brake failure yet i 've survived partial and complete brake failure <> times with the right sensor packages , computers could do far better at this than any human they could continuously monitor thousands of pieces of data on all aspects of the vehicle and do n't get me started about coping with failure computers can handle vehicles far more complex than any human ( such as quadrotor helicopters ) computerized traction control systems far exceed human reaction times when it comes to countering loss of traction i'm being super critical of this technology because we need to be i'm all for continuing development and deployment of this technology as long as it 's an option and not a requirement it wo n't be a requirement until it 's widely deployed and shown to reduce ( or even eliminate ) accidents and fatalities
6	no problem , just install a driving simulator in your car
6	gosh , so simple that 's all it requires
3	i believe i'm being trolled , you 're not making sense
3	google already has them on the road how do you evaluate " safeness " of an ai system ? human driver certification involves testing a subset of vehicle handling and decision making skill computers cannot make decisions other than what they are programmed to do , so such a test is not sufficient , yet it 's impractical to test all possible situations
3	it 's so very simple yet , it 's taken decades to even reach the testing phase i do n't think you understand how incredibly complicated building an ai for a car is seemingly simple things like staying in the correct lane have proven to be exceptionally difficult to implement
3	i think the google car had gps in the mix of tricks it used , so hopefully no one can pull loony toons style stuff no drawing a line off a road into the side of a mountain my fear is that we 're going to completely overreact once something goes wrong even if these cars are on the road for , say , <> years and save hundreds or thousands of lives the first time one runs into something and kills a family we 'll lose our shit
2	im all for self driving cars , but i will never buy one that does n't allow for manual control , and likely will use the manual control because i am not a terrible driver , and i actually enjoy driving
3	robots do exactly what they are programed to programs have bugs programs have to be explicitly written to handle all types of potential issues programs have no concept of laws
3	robots do n't break laws , only on a technicality that a machine is not required to keep laws the same way a human is a robot with incomplete incorrect out of date programming could easily violate a traffic regulation how will self driven vehicles deal with new locality specific regulations anyway ? have periods , speed , get sleepy , have emotional issues , have other robots to backseat drive , eat , put on makeup , talk or text , have balls , try anything crazy , try to <> up other robots , and are n't showoffs , but they do have software bugs , hardware faults , susceptibility to electromagnetic interference , sensor limitations and fixed priorities in less than ideal situations so i assume the more quickly the transition , the better personally , i think the slower and more through the development and approval process the better i do n't want half baked ( or even <> baked ) systems in life critical roles e g a self driven car may aim to protect itself and its occupants in a situation where a collision is imminent a human driver may decide not to avoid a collision so that his car acts as a barrier to protect others e g pedestrians a computer would almost certainly never do the " right thing " in such a situation and would probably be criticized no matter what it did
3	the output cases of the ai are only five fold slow down , speed up , steady as she goes , steer left , steer right at high level , yes , but how do you draw these conclusions ? think about what something like " steer left " actually means when you steer left , you turn the wheel to the left simple but what if your steering is misaligned ? what if the wheel is already turned all the way left ( meaning you would need to stop and back up before turning more ) what if you 're in reverse , and actually need to steer the other way ? what if you are on ice and further turning would cause a skid ? all of these things need to be included as inputs as well , the sheer amount of inputs to the system are staggering now another example accident avoidance simple at the lowest level , as you said you either turn or brake ? but , what happens if there 's a bag in the road that flies up in front of the car , or an empty card board box falls off a truck or a cat jumps into the road we can evaluate the potential damage from these obstacles in a fraction of a second , but the computer ca n't do it at all sometimes people get these wrong too i 've heard of people crashing into poles because they swerved to avoid a chipmunk size of an object is n't enough on it 's own to properly evaluate how dangerous it is what if a brick is coming for your windshield ? it 'd be far better to hit pretty much anything else , because your car 's safety systems will protect you , while the brick coming through your windshield will kill you computers simply cannot handle these situations , but they do happen
3	such cars would be set to be totally law abiding that could be the thing that slows legalizing these cars consider how dependent many cities are on the revenue collected from folks breaking traffic laws
4	think of the cars moving on the highway or city streets like flocks of birds of schools of fish all changing lanes , braking , accelerating as one there would be few delays regarding traffic , slower people holding you up , indecisive or inattentive drivers what may seem conservative could be faster in its efficiency
3	it 's one of those situations where humans like to think they know better when the purely logic driven decisions of a computer would do a far better job with " that much responsibility " , as it does n't weigh it in such a bias manner in the first place as a software developer , i am dreading the day i will lose my life because of a software bug in my car i should know better than most people how easily programs have bugs do you really want some outsourced minimum wage indianese to be responsible for building your cars control software ?
4	while saving lives and everything is all good , i am happy to just be able to read a book or watch a movie while going to work
4	absolutely we are already quite sure , statistically , that robotic drivers would cut down drastically on accidents it 's completely due to both our pride and our reluctance to entrust our lives to ai systems although i would absolutely love to have a self driving car , i know that most people consider it too " human " to surrender it 's akin to telling someone that a robot can write a better poem , or play a better game of baseball you 're spot on with the malfunction scenario as well sadly , people inherently distrust robots the funny thing is that when this technology matures , our kids will be horrified when we tell them that we let people drive cars " but what happened when they fell asleep or got distracted ? ! "
3	since you do n't accept " taxi " as a valid answer , how about a designated driver ? how about you try being freaking responsible and stop drinking well before you have to leave ? drunk drivers disgust me , but a robot car would help prevent idiots from killing innocent people
6	i 've seen the future
6	awesome comparison , i ca n't wait to be able to delegate all my time consuming fun activities to a computer so i can devote my time to playing farmville and buying the new dvd box set of " something or other series <> or whatever " ( i know that was n't the point of the article , but goddamn it )
4	imagine you are driving down a road , and you are coming to a t intersection where another road runs up to your road you see a car at that intersection waiting to enter your road you can see the driver of the other car , and see that he has looked in your direction and sees you coming , and is waiting for you to pass you do n't need to slow down even if you see them start to move , you can often judge that they are just positioning themselves in anticipation of you passing , not preparing to pull out in front of you now imagine your car is a self driving car it probably ca n't see that the other driver is yielding , and so will have to be a lot more cautious at that intersection it probably wo n't be able to distinguish someone starting to creep out in anticipation from someone who does n't see it coming and is about to pull out in front once all cars are self driving , this wo n't be a problem because they should be able to communicate with each other so your car approaching the intersection would know the other is waiting anyway , it seems to me that in a mixed self driving manually drive environment the self driven cars are going to have to drive very very timidly do deal with the unpredictability of the manually driven cars i expect to see jokers going out and essentially herding the self driving cars the same way you can herd a frightened animal by moving toward it to make it run in the direction you want it to go
3	i wholeheartedly want this the problem is liability , who will get sued when your car automatically drives into someone and kills them ? one could say that the driver is always the liable part , but that kind of kills the meaning does n't it ? even if you reduce it to a mere " automatic accident prevention system " ( which in some ways we have in parts already ) the driver could argue that this system prevented him from avoiding the accident this technology is ready , but the legal system around it is not , hope they can solve it though , i look forward to the day this technology will save tens of thousands of lives
2	how many people really know exactly their destination and route before they leave the house ? hell , even though i drive to the same workplace <> days a week , it 's almost never the same drive some days i 'll stop to get donuts for the office , or grab some breakfast , or hit a drive through for some coffee and most of the time , it 's not until i'm within sight of the donut shop , or coffee place , or whatever that i decide some days when the weather is really damn nice , i 'll roll the windows down and take the long way to work how boring it would be if i just punched in my work address and got shuttled there every single day
4	i guess you 're right i suppose much of my opinion on this is due to my lack of understanding of the technology and what it 's capable of that and my personal bias towards my own ability it sounds amazing and more capable than any human could ever be , as you describe it what i do n't look forward to is the inevitable application of this technology to machines of war without the risk of personal injury or death the barrier to starting a war becomes much less significant what will keep us from war in the future is our growing economic interdependence , not personnel causalities but that of course is another topic entirely it 's cool tech providing we use it for good things !
3	i would hope that the tech would be smart enough to detect errors and have it 's own sort of " check engine " light it would be illegal to let your car drive itself if that light is on but i'm sure there 's a dozen other things to work out before this is viable , but the google self driving car definitely showed , imo , that it 's doable
1	no i'm not , i see reasonable flaws in this system that will result in a lack of privacy i agree that their needs to be two options , manual or robotic but to tell me that i need to conform to this type of transportation , for the sake of " progress " is complete bullshit an just to clarify you my friend said " so fuck you for wanting to stop progress just because you like driving " , which is exactly the same as " fuck you for not liking what i like "
4	fair point
4	in all honesty , i would rather run the risk of hitting a bug than having to deal with thousands of drivers on the roads who for some reason cannot get to the supermarket fast enough and people make hordes of mistakes anyway , even while driving
2	never underestimate the reluctance of the average consumer to trust a robot with that much responsibility never underestimate the reluctance of the average insurance to trust a robot with that much responsibility the consumers do n't matter
6	the technology is present today , and affordability is just a matter of ramping up production even moreso for versions of this with limited scope , like for purely freeway driving that tech is very mature by far the biggest obstacle in my opinion , even more than consumer scepticism , is liability who wants to be the first car manufacturer whose robot driver killed someone ?
4	you ca n't trust illogical humans either robots do n't break laws , have periods , speed , get sleepy , have emotional issues , have other robots to backseat drive , eat , put on makeup , talk or text , have balls , try anything crazy , try to <> up other robots , and are n't showoffs , so i assume the more quickly the transition , the better
4	people will love it , because it frees up time to do other times during a long boring commute just like people love google search , because they have n't the time nor the know how to search the internet themselves so a software robot does it for them ,
4	people are shit drivers , i welcome self driving cars wholeheartedly
8	think about how this will affect traffic cops , i bet many of them will be out of a job ( or transferred )
6	this is like one of those " tomorrow 's world " predictions by <> household robots will be common , cooking and cleaning will be a thing of the past ! ! !
6	are you kidding ? roombas are dirt cheap all of my friends have one
6	because technology obviously is n't static ?
3	as opposed to one that develops the software that controls the health care software responsible to keep you alive in a hospital ? in a hospital , most of the software is used for monitoring nurses still give medicine , doctors still perform surgery the role of software is expanding ( auto injection pumps ) but at a fairly slow rate heck , even domestically produced software can be problematic microsoft used to hire the best and the brightest yet , crashes were so frequent that the blue screen of death will forever be part of our vocabulary this was a software company , their only focus was software do you think an automotive company is somehow going to be better at software ?
3	indian people who live in india the difference is who has control people have complete control of how those systems work in fully automated car i have no control over how it drives i'm sorry , but that is what this article implies would you trust a car that you have no control over and where is no option for manual mode ?
3	granted , the generalized machine vision part is hard but per above ( http www reddit com r technology comments ilz3b google working on selfdriving cars ten to <> c24wl8l ) the winter driving knowledge of the ai will be profound but about the winter driving part , wrong let 's speak about the inputs and outputs the inputs you have are your vision ( often impaired by harsh glare in bright snowy conditions ) , your motion sense ( internal accelerometers in ears and toes ) , and your winter driving experience the robot car should have all these and more , superior to your meager human abilities example , radar to read the temperature and stiffness of slush piles ahead lidar to perfectly anticipate the uneven road surface microsecond by microsecond awareness of the traction condition at each wheel the outputs that you have to control the vehicles movements are the steering , accelerator , brake , clutch and handbrake to build the most adroit winter capable autonomous vehicle , it would be four wheel drive , the robot controls acceleration and braking individually for each of the four wheels , as a human you just ca n't do that four wheel steering with ' pigeon toeing ' ability just because it might come in useful as a human you would n't be able to cope with that as well , automatic ' live ' suspension , attached to a control system that 're ads ' the road ahead with radar lidar and on a sub microsecond basis tunes the suspension stiffness at each attachment point on the chassis for a pretty smooth ride i would like to have an autonomous vehicle with systems as i 've described above then the challenge would be to get it stuck !
1	what the hell are you talking about ? the comment is about self driving cars ( hence the use of the term " self driving cars " in the title ) and not mass transit geez , i 've heard of people commenting without reading the article you commented without reading the damn subject line
4	any programmer working on the route software will make it versatile , you will probably be able to select several destinations , one being the final destination and the car drives to them all , ending with the final , in the most efficient order
4	i could definitely see driving on public roads being banned in our lifetimes roads being full of self driving cars would be a million times more efficient than if it was a hybrid of self driving and normal cars it will open up all kinds of public transportation options ( ordering a car to your doorstep , telling it to drive you anywhere where there are roads ) most people just wo n't need want personal cars and thus wo n't care about people like you you 'll be outnumbered and outvoted however , you 'll always be free to drive your car on a private track if you feel the need this will all be a slow transition , of course but i could definitely see it happening in our lifetimes , assuming you are n't <> this is the future of transportation , especially in the us
4	i bet a lot of people said the same thing about cars back in the days of horse and carriage fact is , people still ride horses today only they do so for pleasure rather than work why would cars be any different ? i 'd imagine you do n't get too much pleasure driving a car in brutal rush hour traffic on long daily commutes let the car drive itself during those boring times and drive yourself when you 've got an open country coastal mountain road to enjoy
6	i can see these coming as a selling feature in new , top model cars in the next <> years ( as the bugs are ironed out , since most of the basic technology already exists and already works ) , and mainstream in another <> years ( as the technology gets cheaper ) it will catch on in the same way that abs , airbags etc caught on , and after about <> years will probably be legally required in all cars for some countries , and gradually spread from that i think that it will sell like wildfire as long as it is a built in " latest feature " airbags really only started coming out in the <> , abs in the <> , this one will make that whole commute thing much more acceptable as long as it is reliable set destination via gps , then sit back and read , listen to music , watch a dvd , surf the web , the car alerts you when it gets into trouble or gets close to the destination why would it not be grabbed onto , once it has proven itself for <> years without too many issues ( assuming it does ) they would just have to make sure it does n't run windows , otherwise the bsod really could be death for multiple people
2	driving around a small town with low speed roads i would n't mind but i would n't feel comfortable going over <>
1	i do not like linkedin , i have opt out every email and they still sends me emails about updates and shit (
8	i thought the whole thing was hilarious
4	good the whole nonsense about wanting copying to become a religion is ludicrous , as is the whole idea of allowing any kind of religious exemptions from laws
4	i like how they say " thousands now bazillions on the way " that is n't false advertising in the slightest
2	the pre3 page only has a few apps listed as well they just chose to throw in a couple more popular apps vs an exhaustive list
5	at least with windows , linux , and osx you can still do work without access to the internet and i do n't think i 'll be able to live without all my music , videos , and photos sitting on my hard drive the cloud is just not big enough i do n't want to have to pay for storage space
7	i can tell you as someone who uses chromeos in a corporate environment it 's just great , it just always works i do n't have to worry about it going down , i do n't have to worry about loosing it , i can even leave it on a plane and not worry about it this would have been great as an alternative to windows xp when it was released and not mentioning what you 're going to do when connectivity is missing ( which , even in a city , happens in lots and lots of place ) does not make the issue go away
2	ugh , sometimes you have to push the buttons ( the buttons are just signs on the glass ) multiple times before they react and it 's kind of slow if you want to increase the heat from , say , <> to <> , you have to push the button <> times half of those times the button does n't work so it 's <> times , really on a conventional stove , you would turn the knob in less than a second also , the displays are kind of cryptic they can only show numbers and weird symbols , like this ( http image made in china com <> led digital number display <> jpg ) another thing when you leave a hot pan on the stove it will start beeping after a while it beeps a lot , now that i think of it if it worked like in the video , it would be awesome though
6	cool , never seen anything like that
4	cool , next question wiki says " this field induces an electric current in the pot current flowing in the metal pot produces resistive heating which heats the food " this does n't mean that the pot pan is electrified and will zap you if you touch it , does it ?
2	just do n't wear a metal ring when it 's on
2	that book looked really flimsy
5	<> comments and no mention of philip k dick 's minority report reddit , i am disappoint
1	people of the future must not produce oil on their finger tips
6	<> dollar , you say ?
6	" ok yes " is n't that a little redundant crazy future lady ?
6	where was the glass dildo ?
6	as one person walks along , we see giant pictures of her ( or her avatar ? ) leaping up the walls of buildings and when she walks into a store , she 's shown pictures of herself in the clothes she might want to try on what is the blog accompanying the video talking about ? the wife buying clothes in the store and the model that 's being displayed on the glass are clearly different people the narrative of the video also shows the management meeting that decides which model will be shown on the wall of the building and used in the catalog , so it 's not as if the wife has images of herself following her around wherever she goes on the other hand , all the appliances in her home and in the store instantly recognize her as " jennifer " , so there is some kind of identification going on also , how the hell did she get from lazing around in bed to fully dressed in the car in less than <> minutes ?
2	unless of course you 're a hacker who can steal the robots and make them your own army well actually i guess the common man is n't a programmer so sucks to be you guys lol ( but seriously it could be ww3 )
6	whats the difference between induction and convection ?
2	we have one of those miele induction cooktops which you control by touch and they are really annoying
2	no the io9 logo overlaps the video a bit in the top left was annoying me the entire thing
6	that 's along the lines of my thinking as well however , not all people can be producers and with driverless cars it seems like there ' might ' not be too much work here hopefully there will be ome sort of agricultural breakthrough soon that will allow us to cheaply feed the masses there might not be jobs for everyone , but if people are well fed and warm can they be that mad at their robot replacements ?
4	convection is ovens , i think ( http en wikipedia org wiki convection oven ) anyway , induction ( http en wikipedia org wiki induction cooker ) uses an electromagnet to heat up the pan ( which has to be magnetic ) it 's super fast , and you can bring a big pan of water up to a boil in under a minute
6	why , what 's wrong with it ?
5	did n't notice that , but i was more distracted by youtube 's blocking the bit on the bottom i decided to just ignore them instead of trying to decipher them
4	touch screen all the things !
4	these big touch screens everywhere come in the vein of the microsoft table surface where the idea is that you will have large but static dumb terminals everywhere and most of your information is stored in the cloud while this did n't seem to catch on to the degree they were expecting , it could be because we do n't have that good touch based interfaces yet windows <> does seem to angling itself to be more touch friendly , where the default screen is a tiled touch interface like the phone one unless we develop a good touch based keyboard or an alternative text input these things ca n't really thrive have you ever tried typing long documents on an ipad ?
7	thank you
6	while i agree wholeheartedly that its kind of depressing , what else are people going to do ? the higher technology a society gets the less people are required for manufacturing jobs and the larger the service industry gets if everything is eventually made and maintained by robots what jobs are the majority of the population going to have ?
6	maybe if it is linked with traffic data
6	close enough ? patent suggests location and traffic aware ios calendar alerts ( http www tuaw com <> <> <> patent suggests location and traffic aware ios calendar alerts )
4	whole gawker " network " is ) truth is io9 in particular is n't that bad but it 's still gawker
4	i searched gawker and now can completely agree with you
4	yeah , mine too i'm sure the next generation of them will have touch screens like in the video it would be nice to use heat setting sliders instead of touch " buttons "
6	why ca n't tv 's be released past <> ?
4	i have an " ass old crt " but it 's <> one of the first mass produced hd tv 's bought it in <> for <> it 's <> " & <> & <> i pray every night the thing would break so i can go out and get a bigger , better tv for less money
1	i think the most disappointing part of that advertisement is it presents the future as beautiful people using technology to design and purchase fashion apparel nothing productive , just fulfilling some stupid desire fuck everything about that this is not the future a reasoned person would envision
1	what kind of fucking ass hole little kid just puts their dirty shoes on the counter top like that also enjoy fingerprints everywhere also no ugly people allowed in the future
4	yea , i know but i live in a <> world country where most of the population does n't have access to running water or decent health care i'm quite happy being a germaphobe
4	i'm really interested in this answer
3	it 's scary because i can finally imagine this happening in the past all of the ' smart home ' hype always left me underwhelmed , but now i can totally see an android ios style operating system living on a whole slather of interactive screens around the house it would more or less be a shared interface to one central machine and would allow some pretty cool stuff to happen i think the problem is that , at heart , it 's still just cool i ca n't really imagine it being useful except to further connect our lives to the information superhighway and further erode our connection with the real world , and the very real people within that world
4	great , ipads everywhere in the future ca n't wait
2	<> ) i kind of do n't want to be a borg , you know ? <> ) i already hate appliances where i have to painstakingly navigate through <> layers of menus to get to what i want , and it is impossible to just walk up to it and use it if you have n't before also bmw learned a lesson years ago with a console in one of their autos if you wanted to change the volume , you had to drill down endlessly , increasing accident chances <> ) when we are all conditioned to instant connectivity , some will freak out if it is lost and it will get lost sometimes , or be hackerforced upon us what 's going to happen when our phone becomes our wallet , and the phone is lost or stolen , or the cell network fails ? ( happened in san diego when navy system tests interfered ) <> ) the more capable but complex a system becomes , the harder it can fall , especially when you depend on it the future will great , until times when it breaks
6	anyone else realize the blogger did n't realize the images were of the model that the designers were building their line around ? somehow the blogger thought this was an avatar of the woman
4	sounds great , until some jerkwad with a slingshot takes out every screen for the hell of it it 's public property ( the bus stop ) so it 's ok to smash it all up to shit and spray it with dipshit tags , is n't it ? just as has happened nearby on the freeway with the transparent glass sound barriers all smashed no wonder every bus stop and train station is made of steel mesh and concrete place looks like a frickin ' jail
4	obviously they are in soviet russia of the future
2	i could see the stove being available for sale pretty soon , the windows and car stuff , too , but i think some , like the fridge door and kitchen counter screens are pretty useless and prohibitively expensive
6	i wonder how many patents microsoft and apple have in the surface which will make the touch future a nightmare minefield
4	i love how they use fashion designers , the most important people on earth , to make your point exactly
6	do people really need satellite navigation to drive to work every day ?
4	it 's the future ! car still does n't drive itself (
4	got it at around <> a share i'm in it for the long haul hope everything in the video comes true
4	my induction stove has a touch interface sure , it 's not multi touch and it does n't have a real display , but the paradigm is there
1	i have microfiber cloths it 's like kids hands produce super concentrated oils that are resistant to electronics cleaners and microfiber shit just smudges worse
4	you 're not at all nitpicking , you are right it is a common problem , too on the monitor in front of me there are five buttons , all labeled in black on a black case i counted that i had to do <> button pushes in a sequence to change the brightness , and then <> times to exit the product designers need to be horsewhipped with a taser while being waterboarded and then made to play duke nukem iii while being forced to eat kimchi
6	you have germans in your stove ?
2	what 's the chance of this actually happening sometime soon ? ( to some extent ) also , too many guis !
4	glass stove so you can see where the cockroaches are hiding
4	cool idea but , i already have finger smudges on my lcd from my <> year old i do n't want to break out the windex every five minutes on a lighter note glass cleaners , maids , and windex would see an increase in business
4	this glass will finally make the lives of rich , attractive , white people a little bit easier
6	what couple sleeps on opposite sides of the bed one night to the next ?
4	a world of glass not quite as cool sounding as the diamond age but hey , getting there
2	it is the fucking apple universe and we all know it every time someone watches that , steve jobs ' prostate is massaged ever so gently
2	for the same reason that we now have <> being shoved down our damn throats the companies involved in the tech businesses have all but lost their focus and creativity you can only squeeze so many pixels on a device or make something so fast before technology runs up against barriers that lab monkeys cannot surpass so they look for ways to force technologies that the public have veto 'd off as innovative ca n't release tv 's with higher than <> resolutions ? fuck it , make that shit <> then this particular instance of video phone 's being shown in every ' idea of the future ' demo is the latest instance of a phenomenon i noticed a while back where conveniences are recycled over and over again take for example the mouse we invented the mouse to get away from the keyboard , then we invented keyboard shortcuts to get away from the mouse same thing with phones we invented phones so we could get away from writing to someone then we invented txting so we could get away from having to talk to them
6	it 's still fascinating how many people seem to think it would be a fantastic idea to talk to people while having to hold your phone in front of your face the entire time for video to work
4	i noticed that too it seems that everything has invisible cameras built in on the bright side , at least everyone is rich
6	this is one of the things i find to be a fascinating subject how does a society adjust when <> or more of the population could n't work regardless of desire , experience , or education ? will companies and investors be forced to provide a certain level of life style to prevent an uprising ? will they manufacture fake jobs to give the illusion of employment ? can anyone recommend any sci fi books that deal with this subject ?
1	" people who live in glass houses should n't ! because this is what happens ! " mr furious
4	some cool concepts there but it just is n't providing utility for investment it 's possible right now to put massive touch screen displays on every surface in our home , but why on earth would you want to ?
4	my stocks in corning might actually start going up now
3	his cutting technique was terrible , too if he keeps that up , he wo n't have fingertips left and he 'll be voiceless in the new society run by our glass overlords
4	they even changed the layout on all their international sites , so now even the one or two interesting articles their network might have each month are just not worth it that 's disregarding the terrible work their employees do and all the crap they pull
4	i think the problem most people have with these sorts of things is that they think that the technology lessens reality , when it fact it only changes it no less , no more , only different the concept of a 're al' world is a fiction it is as we perceive it to be , but never exists outside of that i can perhaps say only one thing , that is the last shred of romanticism left within me insolong as books continue to be material constructs , even with virtual counterparts , i see no harm in these advancements into a more and more virtual age
4	it 's the next logical step <> to <> we wired up millions of computers all over the world creating the internet <> to <> we filled the net with an insane amount of content and continue adding more every day <> to current the technology got so small and so cheap that we could access the web from the palm of our hands going forward the tech gets even cheaper and smaller so the web essentially seeps into most of the things we have contact with every day
4	spaceballs reference have an upboat !
7	thank you ! i came here to point that out also , given a preference , i do n't know many who would choose electricity over gas
4	yeah , it sounds like it allows you to ethnically cleanse your profile or something or to commit war crimes on the annoying people who write inane shit on your wall
6	i think you 're asking the wrong guy , i do n't work for google you should try their support line , however i highly doubt they have a " blowjob assistance department "
6	how is google free of privacy worries ? it still allows you to post things publicly people will still do it everytime you post something , you choose which group you want to share the post with each individual group has its own icon and it 's has easy as click the x to remove that group sharing a post is n't public by default , it 's sharing to the last group you 've entered it 's much , much easier to not share a post with everyone than with facebook
2	i hate the links to facebook i do n't have facebook and hate it when i click a link to a private site that requires a login
4	someone just got <> 'd !
2	and that 's really your only choice , is to ignore them and hope they forget and go away what if they meet up with you in person and " remind " you to add them , though ? it 's not a solution , it 's just ignoring the problem
4	relevant comic ( http www pvponline com <> <> <> plus or minus ) i guess it 's a good thing they ca n't see
4	you can see if someone has you in their circles , but you ca n't see which circle you 're in hey , that 's fine i 'll make a " random dickhead " circle , and avoid the awkwardness of managers and clients wanting to friend me sooo ca n't wait
4	i ca n't wait i 've had it with facebook on so many levels
4	that 's awesome , the only girls i ever met from bulgaria were smokin ' hot
1	via email ? shit
1	this article is wrong and misleading about a lot of shit it 's not just that google has <> person video hangouts , or that google is magically free of privacy worries how is google free of privacy worries ? it still allows you to post things publicly people will still do it google has created the opportunity for facebook weary people to perform what one called " a reset on facebook , " allowing them to escape from facebook members they 've friended over the years but do n't really want to interact with and ca n't quite bring themselves to defriend you can block people on facebook i have <> of my " friends " blocks and do n't interact with them at all but you 'll never be put in the awkward situation of receiving a friend request from someone you do n't really want to be google friends with nor will you have to face the awkward decision of whether or not to defriend a former confidant with whom you 've fallen out just remove them from your circles , which are never revealed to other users you can see if someone has you in their circles , but you ca n't see which circle you 're in
6	balkanize your social life are we talking bad haircuts and severe vowel shortages ?
4	but you 'll never be put in the awkward situation of receiving a friend request from someone you do n't really want to be google friends with this ! ! i want this ! ! for some reason my worst clients and most prickish managers always want to be facebook friends what is that shit ?
4	i trust google one hell of a lot more than facebook i ca n't escape the idea that zuckerberg would through his grandmother under a bus for a buck plus google i think are better engineers in general
6	are the invites working now ? did n't they close off the service to new users ?
6	what is the " social life " ?
4	or , in other words google , so no you can be excluded from social cirlces online as well as in real life !
2	i want to balkanize my social life this , <> times , this i am sick of getting invites from random people , or people i have n't seen in like <> years i hate all the facebook app bullshit i get and all those social invites that i never paid any damned attention to i want a social network that actually integrates with my social life google is already in my email and on youtube , sharing is easy and a majority of my friends already have a google email address google also has n't censored any of my posts , facebook did this to me a few times , either taking it down or just downright denying me the ability to post or even send it as a private message most importantly google actually allows me to control the information i want to see and what i want people to see , instead of subjecting their users to massive amounts of data vomit that we need to manually sort through we can look at what we want to and that 's it amazing
4	my real life social life is ' balkanized ' because that 's the way i like it i'm willing to bet that most people are similar i do n't know anybody who goes to the strip club with their mom or to the bake sale with their drinking buddies
6	is it possible to have overlap between different social circles ? for example , if person <> is in circle a and b , but person <> is in circle b and c if i want to share a link to circle a , but not c , would it be easy to pull this off ?
4	this ! prior to google , there would be so many times i would find an awesome geek link but would n't share to fb because , well , you know this brings more balance to everything
4	totally agree it 's one of the reasons i do n't use facebook i do n't want to mix my work with my family
4	exactly i do n't go to the movies with my colleagues i do n't drink booze with my customers i do n't talk operating systems and networks to my family balkanization is precisely what we want
4	i clicked through the whole thing everything he says makes sense , once you see it , it becomes blatant i liked it
4	yes , it is for example , i have several people from my ' friends ' circle also in my ' internet ' circle and my ' esports ' circle , and it seems to be fine with that
6	omg , google , put your cock in my mouth
6	is n't that what it means ?
2	it 's not a solution , it 's just ignoring the problem yep a client i could n't stand sent me a friend request , and reminded me of it that day in a separate email while i 'd love to say " oh god , i ca n't stand you , i just want your business " , it 's less hassle to just cave being able to accept friends without consequence will revolutionize my networking right now , i really have to filter what i put on fb
6	yes , but is it more energy intensive to pour some molten metal into a cast and let it cool , or have it spin on a lathe while you apply a chisel , or have a <> printer chip away at it bit by bit ?
4	it really is n't consider that all the left over powder ( material ) is likely re usable then consider that you 're completely eliminating the assembly line and shipping process if these stations were near you in this case , you 'd license the " wrench " blueprint , maybe resize it to meet your specific job 's needs and then print it out locally at home depot it 's really good for <> off jobs and rare parts as well consider a bumper for your car currently practice factory in china makes a bunch of bumpers they get ship to distribution warehouses you go to your local car dealership they have to then ship from a warehouse to your dealer <> printing a bumper raw material gets shipped to your local printer from the most economical source the dealership sends the specs to the printer and has it locally delivered your old bumper ( assuming it was <> printed as well ) , goes to a recycling center which recovers the raw materials for future printing everything is one off made nothing sits in a warehouse shipping is all local things can be made to your exact spec
4	might be great for a long term mars trip , but only if you had schematics for every item tool you would need already built in also , it would need to be able to construct complex circuits chips out of various materials including pcb , metal ect
2	yeah , i was thinking there 's no way they printed that without fixing it up in the software that would be a crazy accurate <> sensor
6	the real test if i hit " cancel job " will it stop fucking printing ? if so then i 'll be impressed
1	i want to punch that host in the face
6	so , did the scanner image the inside of the original as well ? i'm curious how it did the moving parts , since a good bit of that would be impossible to view from the outside
4	there is lots of bullshit in that video first , they fake the scanning process , ( actual wrench is different ) then the end result is very fragile in practice currently these printers are good only for prototyping this does not mean that <> printing is not fairly advanced already there are <> printers that print parts from titanium it can be used for making titanium implants etc joint strike fighter will use parts made with it rolls royce if developing the technology to make it accurate enough to manufacture parts for jet engines
6	did that guy just totally pirate a wrench ?
2	it 's an exceedinly wasteful way to make a wrench
4	i saw this on stargate sg1 and it has to do with these robot people who live in the stars it 's gonna be fiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiine
6	no they left out the portion where they touched everything up in their modeling software
1	good eye now i'm a little disappointed damn you technology , progress faster ! i want none of this overeager promotional bs
2	yeah , they faked the details of it <> ) there is no way they got the internal workings of the wrench with their scanner the parts inside where the " dial " drives the ' tooth ' bit <> ) they used a model of a wrench built in autocad or similar software
4	come on america , get your republicans under control and come and join the rest of the world in space ! we 'll be waiting for you , like the vorlons but less weird
6	this is what i always thought , for an entire week all of reddit said that now the future of the space industry is nothing , because the us has decided to end its shuttle program the us is not the world , if it does not move forward , others will the space shuttle was not the be all either the level of arrogance and ignorance on display was astonishing
2	this thomas reiter dude has always been giving overly optimistic interviews i do n't think he is taken very seriously at esa
4	welcome to reddit !
2	do n't kid yourself , the usa ( and to a lesser extent russia ) still run space fwiw , i was the mission operations manger for thomas reiter 's " astrolab " mission half the people working that mission were americans i should probably do an iama
1	i would buy a renault car in a snap if they bloody sold them in fucking north america rage
1	and it locks up like a bitch <> more than firefox <> fact
2	these jokes about chrome and firefox 's version numbers are getting old yes , it 's silly that chrome and firefox release a new major version number every <> weeks i agree but there are much more interesting things to talk about in the new versions of both of those browsers , than the version numbers
4	but firefox <> will be here soon ! with more turbines to make it go <> as fast !
2	they 're just numbers , why is there so much bitching about it ?
4	hahahah i think they skipped a few numbers
6	ff8 is <> more than ff5 , but only <> faster ? come on mozilla
1	and it locks up like a bitch <> more than firefox <> fact
6	did i miss something what happened to <> and <> ? or are they developing <> versions forward and we have to wait <> more versions for ff to get good ?
2	iirc , adblock plus is out for chrome now which proactively blocks ads from loading in the first place my gripes with chrome ium they 're not as configurable as firefox i like the address bar to select itself on click ( in linux , where this is n't default behavior on most browsers ) in firefox i can edit about config , in chrome there 's no way i do n't like how chrome applies a yellow background to text boxes that it has saved passwords for ( at least with the google toolbar for firefox , you could disable this behavior in chrome you ca n't do anything about it ) only workaround is for the web designers themselves to override chrome 's style with ` ! important` in the css
2	applications that have memory fragmentation and inefficient caching are inefficient performance in terms of speed actually depends on both layout and size
4	this is a fascinating , original argument so are cpu cycles , power , hard drive space and gpu cycles there exists a term that is spelled something like " efficient " and its what programs should be and why this is an issue
6	wait this article is on firefox <> , we 're currently on <> but <> does what ? what the fuck happened to their versioning ? why is it so arbitrary ?
6	i thought this was a joke seriously i waited for the punchline
2	but there are much more interesting things to talk about in the new versions of both of those browsers , than the version numbers except when a version number change means you end of life the previous one ( http mike kaply com <> <> <> understanding the corporate impact comment <> ) and will no longer support it , weeks after release
6	do n't get me wrong , i do n't particularly care either way i'm just wondering why there is such a sudden increase in the pace of integer releases surely people who are keen on good web browsers wont be particularly swayed by a number difference ?
2	the numbering system does n't matter what did the old system do that is so much better than this ? version numbers in software usually do n't mean much , its mostly arbitrary
2	that makes it impossible to every do ' breaking ' updates you need a way to let people know " extension x works in ffy , but will break in ffz ' obviously , you try to minimize such breakages , but sometimes they are necessary
6	google branding ? the icons are different colors that 's it right ? i 'd argue running a browser that does n't auto update is less secure at worst a vulnerability is out long enough for google to notice and patch it if i have to be watching out for updates there 's another delay
1	the old numbering system was far far better mozilla seems to be going full retard with the numbering system what the fuck happened to ff6 ?
4	i see where you are coming from , but plugin compatibility does not need to be the basis for compatibility checking in fact mozilla will automatically scan the contents of addons on addons mozilla org to check for compatibility , that is , to check whether there are actual compatibility issues that 's much better than a version number check second thing , even version numbers are not a solution here say mozilla called firefox <> instead firefox <> <> addons could still say they are only compatible with <> and not <> <> and in the other direction , they could say they are compatible with <> x , but <> <> can be incompatible with <> <> , just like chrome <> can be with chrome <> these rapid releases are not guaranteed to be compatible with each other for that reason , automatic compatibility checking is the best solution , not version number checking yes , there are problems with that approach too , and this is a time of changing from one way of doing things to another so there are annoyances , i am with you there but i do n't think there is an obviously better way of doing things
2	i might get downvoted for this , but honestly , they 'd rather work on the memory consumption that has driven me away from firefox for so long , than working on speed for right now
6	do i still have to restart when i install or remove an extension ?
2	applications that do n't use the maximum available memory are inefficient
2	this confused me too i thought it was a joke satire article comparing a future version of firefox to a future version of chrome
4	memory is there to be used , free memory is a waste of money
6	adblock already blocks downloads ( https chrome google com webstore detail gighmmpiobklfepjocnamgkkbiglidom ) and has for some time the only major addon that i 've found does n't work properly on chrome is noscript and why would i use chromium that i have to build myself ? what advantages does it offer for the huge increase in inconvenience ?
4	i like the syncing with my google account i 've been using gmail for years now , and chrome since it came out <> years ago , so it 's difficult to go back i do use ff occasionally , but the web apps extensions , and syncing is just better i know that ff has more extensions , but it is missing one crucial one that chrome has ca n't live without it
2	until they get adblock for chrome to proactively block ads ( and thus save bandwidth reduce exposure to malware ) rather than retroactively removing them done some time ago the capability to do so was added to webkit for safari extensions , and adopted by chrome
4	idk , but when it went from <> to <> it broke i 'll download that when i get home though
4	i see news stories about chrome and stories about firefox they usually mention the version number that 's not google and mozilla to blame though
6	that 's fine who wants to run a year old browser ?
4	they have set milestones that i ca n't find quickly right now , sort of braindead at the moment do n't quote me exactly on this , but essentially <> was an enhancement to get a bunch of css3 html5 features up to snuff , <> is focused on performance ( i believe ) , <> is lowering memory usage , <> is more speed basically they are still doing more than minor fixes but instead of devoting months if not years of wrapping a ton of features into one they are setting very focused goals and trying to speed up the progression of web as we know it rapid release schedules should make it easier enforce requirements to update and i for one look forward to it besides microsoft is more or less on board too , with a semi rapid release cycle of their own you can already download platform previews of ie10 and soon enough tell ie8 users they are two versions behind and should consider updating ,
4	suddenly , with firefox <> , it 's unclear what the version numbers represent that is sort of the point with chrome and firefox now version numbers represent nothing with those two browsers a version is released every <> weeks , no matter if it happens to contain what used to justify a major version number , or not i understand if you are used to other version numbering schemes , this seems odd but it should seem odd for just a short time , then you ignore it , i think ?
2	i love the way they are doing a release that adds fancy new html tags before they are doing the release that fixs the problems that everyone wants fixed between that , the silly new versioning and whatever happened between <> and <> i'm beginning to dislike mozilla as much as they clearly dislike web developers
2	firefox is the new ie and this version numbering is beyond retarded , just because chrome had retarded version numbering does n't mean firefox should
6	they are working on something to get around this most addons seem to work fine right now , all addons require the dev to test with new versions and submit that they are working i know they want to try and change this due to the rapid release schedule i do n't know the full details but i 've just started playing with something new addon compatibility reporter allows the community to submit feedback on what addons may or may not work with new versions of firefox
2	just sounds like developers throwing their toys out of the pram and being cunts about versioning for no reason
2	then only increase the major version number when there are breaking changes ! this really is n't that hard , it 's a system plenty of software uses and do n't tell me there are breaking changes every release if your software breaks stuff every release , you need to take a serious look at its interoperability you should be able to save up your breaking changes from several projects and release them all at once
1	that 's why the frequency of releases sucks , because no matter how well intentioned , they run the risk of creating a spectrum of version based bugs ironically , the thing that suffers most is the addon ecosystem , which is arguably ff 's biggest selling point i agree with dead reckoner , if your stuff is so solid you can rev it every two months , then drop the version number firefox <> just sounds silly
1	ugh , gross if you 're going to do this just use the build numbers and release them whenever the fuck you feel like it yay , firefox <> !
6	firefox <> leaves chicago for new york at <> two hours later , firefox <> departs from new york to chicago at <> how long until my plugins start updating so i can use something newer than <> <> ?
1	dammit i just want my google toolbar extension to work again !
1	chrome <> , what the hell ! this is getting ridiculous
1	how the fuck did we get to <> ?
6	really ? and the the ui still written in javascript ?
6	wait what happened to ff <> and <> ? i just upgraded to <>
2	i'm going to move away from firefox because of these retarded version changes <> <> <> were normal <> <> <> <> <> are just stupid
2	except <> thing every time a new ff version comes out there 's <> different articles released to the web about what 's so wonderfully great about this next version number i must be blind because i do n't see chrome doing anything like this in fact i actually had to google their version number earlier today because i had no clue what they were on i figured chrome was on like version <> or <> so they have gone up to preview version <> without me seeing one article about it
6	what 's the problem exactly ? note that the compatibility system ( as in , " compatible with ff <> <> <> x " ) does n't work any more you have to install this extension ( https addons mozilla org en us firefox addon add on compatibility reporter ? src api ) to disable that system ( and thus enable all your extensions )
3	watch out for kefka
4	for me it 's the opposite , chrome still has a long way to go before i consider switching from firefox until they get adblock for chrome to proactively block ads ( and thus save bandwidth reduce exposure to malware ) rather than retroactively removing them , i'm sticking with ff additionally , the difference in rendering startup speed is n't as night and day as it used to be when it was ff <> <> vs chrome and honestly , if you 're using chrome , there is really no reason why you should n't use chromium instead
4	this is definitely a potential problem devs now have several chrome versions and several firefox versions , because of those two browsers ' fast release schedule there are indeed more versions to test however , there are small differences between those versions , so there should be fewer problems i agree that this still adds work for web devs , but not as much as it might seem
6	these super frequent integer iterations of firefox seem utterly crazy to me why on earth are they calling it ff8 ? is it because chrome is at such an absurd version number now ?
6	i wonder about the consequences for web devs testing multiple versions of browsers is already a pain
6	what ! ? ! ? ! i just upgraded to ff4 !
4	chromium has a fair few advantages ( i ) no usage tracking ( or less , at least ) ( ii ) no google branding ( iii ) limits your damage from insecure autoupdates
4	chrome and firefox release a new version every <> weeks both of those has a stable version n , then n <> is in beta , n <> in alpha , and n <> in development it does seem odd and arbitrary at first , but it 's actually well thought out and google and mozilla made a good choice to do this i think
7	please file a bug about this , firefox is an open source project and it can only succeed with our help i would file a bug myself about it , but i just tried what you said ( open over <> tabs ) , and did not get that problem so maybe it is the websites you visited , or your addons more specifically , please go to bugzilla mozilla org and file a bug there with detailed steps to reproduce your problems in particular , please paste the output of about memory when you think too much memory is being used this contains a lot of info that will help the firefox devs fix your problem also please mention the addons and plugins you have , your os , etc thanks !
6	i'm just wondering why there is such a sudden increase in the pace of integer releases the singularity ( http en wikipedia org wiki technological singularity ) is near ! repent , unbelievers !
6	how is this not going full retard ?
8	i care about the version number because it 's the basis for plugin compatibility checking you can have two of these three things crazy version numbers plugin compatibility based on version numbers users that upgrade when you release a new version but you ca n't have all three
4	apple plans to eventually roll out a music upgrade service this service would take poor quality low bitrate mp3s and attempt to upgrade them to higher quality ogg or similar files ( some apple preferred format that is n't flac ) through the cloud by identifying them matching their meta data some other kind of automatic process i suspect this is the reason they got those licenses , not just pure caution
2	i hardly listen to new music because there are so many hoops to jump through i 'll listen to some songs through youtube , but thats it , no more giving money to these guys
4	legal or illegal , the method amazon and google are trying to pass is n't forward thinking at all they tried to pull the old trick of being the first one to the game , but clearly that does n't work when you have to negotiate with such an uptight industry ( music ) it 's too soon to say for sure , but it looks like apple is tackling this in the best way possible scan your music library , upgrade lower quality songs to <> , make library available to your devices i have n't tried amazon or google , but depending on the size of your music library , you 'll be spending day after day uploading before you can sync the cost from uploading my <> of music would put my internet bill at over <> for one month itunes match is <> a year
4	also available in original ars technica <> page ( http arstechnica com tech policy news <> <> are google music and amazon cloud player illegal ars ) format
4	its safe to say any apple provided file would be acc
4	i find myself using streaming services more and more pandora , xm , etc mainly because i'm not picky enough that i have to listen to a certain song at a given time , especially with all the legality issues it 's just not worth it
4	yeah , that 's what apple uses for itunes songs
6	aac ? that could be it
6	instead of spending <> minutes to reformat ?
1	i bought a brand new asus laptop from best buy a while back that was riddled with viruses and malware i returned the laptop and picked up a macbook pro i have n't looked back since
4	he computer was the best one they made and still was a squeaky plastic hunk of junk also , it only came with a recovery disk that , guess what had viruses on it the macbook pro is machined out of a solid hunk of aluminum that was two years ago and it gets better and more comfortable over time the thing is built to last , not built to be replaced
4	shame because asus actually builds better quality hardware
6	did you read the article ? with foreign adversaries continuing to improve their radar capabilities and air defense networks , and terrorists worldwide using modern consumer electronics to trigger explosives , the united states is spending billions of dollars in a massive effort to respond these jammers , for instance , spew radio waves and emit other electromagnetic noise to jumble enemy electronic signals
4	this is all cool , but i think us is still keep ignoring the fact that its current enemies are not using advance technology at all they use old school , but effective weapons like ak <> and ide explosives send their messages using birds or just human messengers , and operate in small independent groups so i do n't think those kind of advance electronic warfare help against insurgents in middle east
1	that is a very ignorant comment , not every country is afghanistan
4	with the correct reciprocal motion , uteri reach high velocity
4	touch
6	how does one go <> mph in the kitchen ? & <> & <>
3	the first push back is going to be about kids is it making our children vulnerable ? to predators ? to other forms of danger ? we will immediately then regulate access i don t want to seem cynical because there is a reason why we worry about children , but i do think you can tell that s where it s going to start this is n't about kids it 's the first method in cheap justification the riaa mpaa are currently going on about this , claiming that isps need to filter the internet because of child pornography the thing is , once they have that filter in place , they can move onto the next step " think of the children ! " is the very first attempt at a scare tactic no matter the subject , some asshole will always find a way to twist and contort the subject into " this will harm children "
4	haha , hilarious i wish more people were intelligent enough to understand how socially normative and quantifiable their anxieties are so i could mock them about it really , pattern recognition is one thing humans are supposed to be good at , but apparently we are horrible at quantifying our own thoughts and actions i suppose i ca n't really blame these people for being scared , considering they evolved that way and all i speak from the position of a young healthy male , so i'm not really built to feel threatened by as much still , this attitude toward technology is why we are n't yet living thousands of years with harems of robot girlfriends ( or , other side of the coin , enslaved for the coming thousands of years by hordes of robot " boyfriends " , though i prefer the believe the first potentiality is far more likely )
4	" and it totally changed our relationships to other people in all sorts of ways , whether it was because you could suddenly cook for yourself so you didn t need servants " what high mountaintop do you live on ? most people have always cooked their own food only the pompous like this author , apparently , could afford servants
2	am i the only person annoyed with the misrepresentation of speed as acceleration ? there was some wonderful stuff about railway trains too in the u s , that women s bodies were not designed to go at <> miles an hour our uteruses would fly out of our bodies as they were accelerated to that speed there 's nothing wrong with <> miles per hour , its the acceleration it takes to get there
2	that picture is making it impossible for me to read the article do all female writers ' pictures have to be obnoxious and awkward like that ?
6	uteri ?
6	yep and usually you ca n't let that argument win because it can have bad consequences as with the article , could you imagine a world where we could n't keep the lights on after dark unless men were around ?
4	i saw an interesting ted talk she gave the other day on boredom
4	" we hope you enjoy your google experience " well played , google
6	i think the real problem is being glossed over the article mentioned that getting an executive hooked up with an ipad can quickly turn into a pilot to get sales on ipads to me , that tells me that companies are broken far more deeply than the article otherwise suggests why would the executive be exempt from the rules and policies he or she signed off on ? if the executive has helped shape or even just signed off on the policies that control how new technology is introduced , then they should be following those policies if the ceos want ipads , let them sponsor and champion projects to that end rather than dictating a break from policy that forces unprepared systems to simply absorb them
2	the middle east is the last place anyone should want or encourage nuclear armament too late ( http www fas org nuke guide israel nuke )
6	that sounds like a pretty good deal to me
7	the second half of that i was not aware of thank you for the clarification i do have a follow up question though would it have been possible to make minor changes to the virus to enter into other utilizations of the software ?
4	that is an excellent point and the following post then offered further clarity as well ( post by magcius ) i'm guessing based on this that the whole point of this virus was to stop or slow down iran 's nuclear proliferation i'm also guessing that this was the creation of some superpower , the work of the cia or some such clandestine organization makes me wonder what 's out there that hasn ' t been found there are some very smart people in the world and given their aptitude , their passion and a butt ton of funding there 's no knowing what they could create
1	not to be a jingoist jerk here but they successfully cleaned up a virus that allowed iran to continue building nuclear weapons ? i do n't think that was a good outcome i'm not very relieved in fact i'm all for reinfecting their systems the middle east is the last place anyone should want or encourage nuclear armament
2	this is what i do n't get the virus was designed to be delivered to systems that are not connected to the internet , but then it tried to download content instructions from the cc servers ? it would also try and grab compromised dll 's for the siemens software
4	fascinating stuff , i 'd love to hear what 's in those last encrypted files
2	the only problem with that logic is that pcs7 controls systems are utilized in very disparate ( and global ) industries from brewing to oil services and everything in between to not neutralize the threat could have meant derivative programs being used to wipe out large scale manufacturing , exploitation and service personally , i would n't want to see those effects no matter how much i 'd like to see iranian nuclear power potential weaponization stopped it 's just like the aclu standing up for neo nazis we may not agree with the point , but any reduction in efficacy of the system is dangerous for the rest edit revision for grammatical clarity sorry for the error
6	extremely long read , but this is an incredible and amazing story as one very familiar with plc 's and industrial control the possibilities for this type of attack are immense wow
6	very cool a short video imagining an augmented reality future ( http www youtube com watch ? v nmjqudbf re )
6	what happens ? they add more and apologize ?
4	very interesting article laughing at how the us is playing dumb
2	this is n't even a google product , it just uses google ebooks imo , it 's not even that ugly
2	it looks like an oldsmobile with gold trim
6	are you on drugs ? yes , how so ?
6	anyone else not see the florida new york connection ? i did see a florida new england connection maybe i am reading the map incorrectly
6	cheap real estate ? in florida ? are you on drugs ?
2	the possibility of abuse and security breaches just went up greatly i understand exposing corruption , but always risks passwords to email lead to passwords for other critical systems do n't get me wrong , i am all for " standing up for ones selves " but risking the security of a nation
2	leaks ? ahhhh no
4	yeah , really brief
6	odd timing for such an article odd place to post on reddit try r gaming
2	facebook run forest run your days are numbered !
2	facebook fears that users will flee if they have the tools to export their data users will flee because they do n't want facebook holding their data hostage bye bye facebook , i hated you from the start google is not that evil
1	are you kidding me ? this is facebook making sure apps do n't get all your friend 's info and start spamming them not sure why everyone is turning it into something else
4	if you do n't want to use these contact exporting tools , then do n't use them simple as that after all , it 's not like google is going to send out thugs to beat you up if you do n't transfer your facebook contacts to google there are , however , people who do want to transfer their contacts from facebook over to google for whatever reason , and facebook 's making it extremely difficult for them to do so
4	good and evil do n't exist , that 's the problem google is simply a company granted , they know that treating their users better than what they are used to will do wonders to your overall userbase they are also incredibly forward thinking compared to most companies they do n't just worry about todays profits , they look to the future that 's why they have their hands in nearly everything to do with technology sorry to rant , i just get tired of the google good evil argument i personally love google because they treat me decent and have many services i enjoy using
2	evil is figurative speech ofcourse ) in this case for not giving you enough control over your data until google implements rss for listings and option to export everything you entered , i will consider them evil i will still support their service as being the lesser evil , compared to facebook
4	yeah , they disabled apps which got the names of your friends and their email addresses , which are very useful for spamming
6	yes because microsoft invented motion sensors no one has ever had this idea before , and there are currently no projects other than the kinect regarding this kind of technology
6	anyone else look at the thumbnail and think " making it so easy a retard could do it " ? i'm a horrible person
7	yea it 's because the backlash when becoming dhs made the coast guard " not military " although part of the " armed forces " thanks to all the butt hurt , the coast guard now gets mil and cacs , etc why they are n't just a part of the navy i have no clue
6	good call i forgot that the air force uses " af " instead of the longer airforce in their addresses the navy uses navy mil , and i think the marines use usmc mil , the army uses army mil , and the coast guard uses uscg mil
4	ah you might be right this page ( http www uscg mil access ) lists both
4	wow , this might just be an easier way to get the password to my army e mail than fucking with the help desk
4	well , that 'll save china a lot of work
4	all of this anonymous shit reminds me of timothy leary 's over the top promotion of lsd in the <> it 's more detrimental than helpful while i appreciate the work that they 're doing , this is just one more reason for the powers that be to clamp down on internet anonymity and the like
6	are the passwords encrypted or what , i want to know if i should waste my bandwidth downloading this
1	in the ultimate irony , the original antisec manifesto from back in <> was all about the irresponsibility of full disclosure that same manifesto was re posted when imageshack was compromised eight years later the manifesto criticised the 's ecurity industry ' for using full disclosure to develop 's care tactics ' to convince people into by security are you listening , operation antisec ? find the flaws , publish your successes if you must , but have the decency to spare the innocent victims of your activities obscure personal data before you publish otherwise you are considerably worse than those you are attempting to shame
4	i heard about this yesterday on my ride home from work <> minutes later there was a commercial for booze allen 's cyber security solutions and how " great " they were i almost had to pull off the road i was laughing so hard
6	this is actually a great comparison tim leary 's promotion of lsd and other drugs did n't have enough connection between the medium and the message all drugs and no substance in the same way , i'm sure it 's possible for hackers to leak military info , but the potential for actual good deeds and positive effect on the community has been overshadowed by bullshit hack me some real shit and do good in the world , do n't release e mails of soldiers where does that get us ?
2	you are making no sense
2	a " shady whitehat company " is one which does things that are bordering on illegal or unethical like hb gary and other firms that the government employs for nefarious purposes , while claiming to be good , straight forward infosec organizations
4	brigade picnic this wednesday ! make sure you pick up your tickets ! battalion quartley award ceremony in building <> next monday ! farwell luncheon at los rancheros for col mcduderface today ! and they wonder why i do n't read emails
3	no he is expressing a common fear
4	absolutely agree with what was said but this article would be wayyy more useful once the site goes live at the end of the month
1	how dare you submit something vaguely critical of the chosen company 's newest product ! downvotes for you !
